This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.
The church has cracks in the ceiling.
A woman with a green headscarf, blue shirt and a very big grin.
The woman is young.
An old man with a package poses in front of an advertisement.
A man poses in front of an ad for beer.
A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at.
The statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display.
A man playing an electric guitar on stage.
A man is performing for cash.
A blond-haired doctor and her African american assistant looking threw new medical manuals.
A doctor is studying
One tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object, while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground.
A man watches his daughter leap
A young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet.
A young man and woman take their child to the beach for the first time.
A couple walk hand in hand down a street.
The couple is married.
A man reads the paper in a bar with green lighting.
The man is reading the sportspage.
Three firefighter come out of subway station.
Three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station.
A person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground.
A person is selling coconuts.
Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass.
The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap.
During calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse.
A first time roper falls off his horse.
A little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan pants is playing on a piece of playground equipment.
The boy is playing on the swings after school.
A woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touch the cracked earth.
An archeologist wearing a hat squats to examine the site for a dig
Two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them.
Two children are building a brick furnace.
A man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side.
a busy man stands with bodyguards
The two young girls are dressed as fairies, and are playing in the leaves outdoors.
The two girls play in the Autumn.
People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope.
Some people look visually afraid to jump.
A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow
A snowboarder gliding over a field of snow
A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow
A snowmobile in a blizzard
An older women tending to a garden.
The lady is weeding her garden
A man in a black shirt overlooking bike maintenance.
A man learns bike maintenance.
A man in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop.
A man is deciding which bike to buy
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow.
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child
A person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it, is pushing a baby stroller down the street.
An old lady pushing a stroller down a busy street.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A pet is enjoying a game of fetch with his owner.
People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.
People at a party are seated for dinner on the lawn.
A girl playing a violin along with a group of people
A group of people are playing in a symphony.
A woman within an orchestra is playing a violin.
A woman is playing a concert.
Three men, one holding pipes, another holding a large object above his head, and one resting against the pipe bed on the truck, are looking at the camera.
three men going to work
A Ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car.
A sedan was turning a corner as walkers were crossing.
A crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building.
The crowd is calling for help for the people on the roof.
A woman working long hours.
A woman is working in a factory.
Two teenage girls conversing next to lockers.
Girls talking about their problems next to lockers.
An old woman watches a man look down at some balls on the ground.
An elderly female is stalking a male.
Two children, both wearing tan coats, are embracing one another.
Two kids are hugging after surviving a horrible car wreck.
2 kids who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other.
A couple of child relatives were hugging because they were happy to see each other.
A large number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street.
A large number of men walking down the street in red and white.
A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars
The man is test driving a motorcycle to decide whether or not he will buy it.
Women of India performing with blue streamers, in beautiful blue costumes.
indian women are performing a religious ritual together
A professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land.
The swimmer almost drowned after being sucked under a fast current.
The man in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water.
A man in a wetsuit walks out of the water carrying a surfboard.
Five girls and two guys are crossing a overpass.
The extended family hike together on their family reunion.
A person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall.
A woman paints a portrait of her best friend.
A person with a purple shirt is painting an image of a woman on a white wall.
A woman paints a portrait of a person.
A woman is painting a mural of a woman's face.
There is a woman painting for fun.
A couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something.
The man is pointing at a purse snatcher.
Two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area.
The women were walking downtown because the buses were on strike
Many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says "HI-POINTE."
The people are having a chat before going into the work building.
The flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.
A flight attendant is standing in front of passengers.
The flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.
A flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures before takeoff.
The girls walk down the street.
Girls were going to the park.
A man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man's forehead.
The men are at church.
A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches.
A child in a wagon rolls down a hill.
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation.
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house's raised foundation as construction occurs
Bruce Springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall.
Bruce Springsteen is from Florida.
Bruce Springsteen, with one arm outstretched, is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall.
Bruce Springsteen is gay
Six dogs swimming in a river.
Six dogs swim across the river.
A man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them.
A man and woman take selfies while a woman walks by and judges them.
a group of people dancing together.
They are doing the tango.
Men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus.
Men sit on the bus going to work,
Two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.
Two sad men climbing on a wooden scaffold.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water.
The duck is swimming in the lake.
A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.
A young boy is playing in the field because his mother kicked him out of the house.
Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground.
They are going fishing.
A person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over.
The person is a woman.
This child is on the library steps.
The child is on the steps inside the library.
The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball.
The player has a tattoo that says mother.
a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection.
The boy doesn't want to see his reflection.
A man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt.
The man is cold.
An old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside, but are covered mostly in shadow.
An old woman has a light jean jacket.
Several younger people sitting in front of a statue.
several young people sitting outside
Several younger people sitting in front of a statue.
several young people sitting in a school courtyard
A group of adults stands in the bathroom looking down a small child in the bath.
The childs mom is watching her son with her friends.
A goofy looking woman is singing on stage.
A blonde woman is singing and dancing on the stage.
The girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow.
The lady wearing a jacket is looking for her lost dog.
people are standing near water with a boat heading their direction
People are standing near water with a large blue boat heading their direction.
Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor.
Two couples eat food on a kitchen floor.
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
The dog is thinking about going to for a swim.
An older man leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building.
An older man is leaning outside his nursing home
A person in orange clothing rests above a metro entrance.
A person is waiting for a train.
A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.
The girl is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival.
A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy.
The girl in a blue dress is a flower girl at a wedding.
A basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on.
A famous NBA player is playing street ball in front of a crowd.
A frowning old man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons.
An angry military veteran watches as people protest the war.
A woman wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a bike and carrying a shoulder bag.
A woman riding a bike to work.
A skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail.
A young boy showing his new skateboard tricks to his friends.
A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him.
He is wearing a button-up shirt.
Girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel.
A girl in a red coat makes a snow angel for the first time.
A group of people gathered at night watching an event.
A group of humans are looking at the same direction.
A group of people gathered at night watching an event.
A group of friends are watching the music concert at night.
A person with blue hair, a baseball cap, and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd.
A person is enjoying a sporting event.
A girl holding a beverage points at a painting.
The girl is drinking an alcoholic beverage.
A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up meat he took out of a bag.
A man in a black shirt, in a commercial kitchen, holding up the old meat he took out of a bag.
A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.
A person in red is moving grass on a John Deer motor.
Group of people wearing black shirts riding in an open top vehicle.
Froends ride in an open top vehicle together.
Two men prepare a fish at a dock.
Two men have just come in from fishing all day
A woman with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote looking in a mirror.
The woman is a model.
A man in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter.
The man is from Alaska.
A woman, in red and white, and wearing glasses, sits in a room with other people.
A woman is on her phone sitting in a room.
A softball player throws the ball to her teammate.
Teammates are competing in a softballs championship.
A biker races.
The biker loses the race
Two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat.
The boys are siblings playing with each other.
Island native fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day's work.
The men caught many fish.
These are young adults who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white pole.
The plants are ferns
Two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day, where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball, and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback.
Two teams from rival colleges are in the fourth quarter of a game.
Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball.
A lineman is trying to tackle the quarterback before he makes the game winning touchdown.
A man playing billiards at a bar.
A man is playing with friends.
A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.
The dogs are friends.
People are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while looking outside of the glass that makes up the wall.
The people are going up on the escalator.
A woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.
A woman is at work.
A boy is riding down the road between two cows.
A boy rides a horse by two cows.
A birthday party for many little people to enjoy.
Children enjoying a birthday party.
A birthday party for many little people to enjoy.
Children at a birthday party.
There are five singers on a stage, three women and two men.
The people performing are part of a chorus.
Two men are standing in a boat.
A few men are fishing on a boat.
The sun breaks through the trees as a child rides a swing.
The child on the swing is a girl.
A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metal stick.
The man is in the kitchen of a restaurant.
A woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.
Serina Williams plays tennis.
Two women's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches.
12 ladies play volleyball
A little boy with a blue bike helmet and a woman in a green bike helmet are riding bikes down a street with other various bike riders.
A mother and her son ride bikes with others down a street.
People are riding bicycles in the street, and they are all wearing helmets.
A group of friends are biking through a street, all wearing their helmets
a woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.
A woman dressed in black shops for a bicycle.
Young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background.
Young boys waiting for their soccer game.
A man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose.
The man is testing the bike.
A guy and a girl look down a mountain range.
The couple is going to climb the mountains.
A man is sitting in the green chair, talking on the phone, and working on the laptop, and there is construction site next to his building.
The man can hear the construction going on.
A boy hits a tennis ball on a court.
The boy is good at tennis.
A golden retriever nurses puppies.
A golden retriever nurses some other dogs puppies
A young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread.
The young man is at his grandmothers house.
A young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread.
The railing is in front of a frozen lake.
A black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb.
A man was wearing a jacket in winter.
A man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread.
The man pleads for mercy.
A man wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence.
The man wearing the vest is walking down the street.
A man is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him.
A man is trying to earn money by playing for other people on the street.
A standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicle.
Two people are discussing their relationship.
A young boy with close-cropped hair, wearing a red robe, is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it.
a small boy holds a kettle that will soon be filled with salsa
Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk.
People and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk to get home.
Two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer.
Two women in dresses are getting ready for the picnic.
A woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower.
The woman is a professional photographer
A group of four children pose on a muddy beach, smiling and making faces.
Four kids pose during summer vacation.
Several men at a bar watch a sports game on the television.
There are men drinking beer at a sports bar.
Two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets, white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background
Two men are placing construction cones in preparation of a new pipeline building.
A woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat; several paintings are hanged on the wall, and the sun shines through a large window near her.
An artist relaxes in her studio.
Children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower.
The children are martial arts students.
Some dogs are running on a deserted beach.
They are in Hawaii.
A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians.
There alot of motorcyclists on this road.
A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians.
The pedistrians are waiting for a parade to come through this busy street.
A woman wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving.
A woman is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat.
A group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls.
A bunch of people are in a wooden object on the water.
A group of people are in a rowboat in the ocean surrounded by seagulls.
A group of people are rowing towards some islands while one of them fishes.
A woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street.
A woman is protesting in the street.
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.
A man who kidnap a baby is petting a pony.
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.
A man and his daughter are petting a pony.
Men sitting on the side of a brick road.
men are talking on the side of the road
A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is chasing something into the water.
A young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy.
A girl is standing outside.
many children play in the water.
The children are at camp.
many children play in the water.
Some kids splash in the water and interact with each other.
A group of kids is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation.
They are wearing lifejackets
a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage.
A climber pulls himself up 5000 feet up over a forest
a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery.
A man has on climbing gear.
Two formally dressed, bald older women
Two bald women with glasses.
A homeless man pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart.
A man is collecting cans to recycle
an old shoemaker in his factory
The shoemaker is wealthy.
The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.
THe woman is giving homework to the children.
Girl in red jumping up
The girl is jumping to catch the frisbee.
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running.
The ladies are in a marathon.
A young boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water.
A boy is in danger of falling into water.
A young boy in green shorts balances on a pipe above a river.
A clever person balancing.
A young man waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park.
A guy is going skateboarding today.
Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow.
A young boy is sleeping at a sleep over.
A man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper.
He is reading the newspaper.
A man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper.
He is jewish.
A bearded man jumps in the snow with the ocean in the background and an orange, recumbent bike parked near a road sign.
A tall human jumping.
Four children are playing in some water.
The children are muddy.
Four young girls playing in the water.
Four girls are swimming.
The man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something.
The man is throwing something to his son.
One young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down, with five adults in front of him, one operating a video camera.
Someone recording a young boy as he auditions for a part in a movie.
Boys with their backs against an incoming wave.
A group of people play in the ocean.
Boys with their backs against an incoming wave.
A group of people sit on the beach.
A woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment.
A mother is helping her child complete the experiment.
A lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment, which is most likely related to nurse-work.
Two woman are trying to finish orders from a doctor
One man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.
Two men are fighting outside a bar.
Many people gathered in a room with several people on stage with instruments and the words "The Early November" on the wall.
Parents gathers for a local high school concert
A hockey player in helmet.
Players are wearing helmet.
A hockey player in helmet.
They are playing hockey
Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also.
A man is wearing a blue shirt.
Biker riding through the forest.
Mountain biker competes in off-road race.
Biker riding through the forest.
Mountain biker enjoying the local trails.
A young man in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another young man stands behind him.
Two men are recording a cooking tutorial.
couples enjoying a meal, while a bunch of dogs take a nap.
THE COUPLE ARE EATING STEAK
A woman wearing jeans is walking down the street.
A woman is walking towards a bus stop.
A group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it.
a group of people wait
A group of people stand near and on a large black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it.
a group of people stand
A crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign.
The sign the woman is holding states that "Freedom is free."
The little boy gets ready to kick the soccer ball.
the boy is ten years old
A man and woman sitting on the sidewalk.
The man and woman are married.
A female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building.
The woman has an important meeting today in the building.
A woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps.
A woman watches a mother speak to her young son.
Man and woman eating a hotdog.
A man and woman are eating a hotdog at a baseball game.
An aisle at Best Buy with an employee standing at the computer and a Geek Squad sign in the background.
The employee is wearing a blue shirt.
A carpenter is working on a roof at a house being built.
A man is hammering the final shingle on a roof.
A group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river.
Seven men and women are in a yellow boat.
Two little boys wearing athletic jerseys are washing their hands in a public restroom.
They were playing soccer.
Two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.
The boys just won their soccer game
A naked man rides a bike.
A naked red haired man on a bike on a busy street.
Two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign.
Two research scientists conduct research in disguise.
Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an "out of luck" sign.
the dog is a chihuahua
Two homeless men dressed in gray sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash.
Two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog.
A woman doing gymnastics, she is using the balance beam
A woman is doing a handstand on the balance beam.
Three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast.
The three women are best friends.
A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat
A man getting ready to play golf.
A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter.
The woman has her hair pulled back in a bun.
The boys are playing with Legos.
Boys are playing outside.
A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart.
A father is buying his daughter ice cream.
Three men are carrying a red bag into a boat with another person and boat in the background.
Some sailors get in a sailboat.
Man holding torch of fire.
The fire is large.
Villagers pulling in the fish boat.
The villagers are preparing to go fishing.
A crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background.
The crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sells fruits.
A child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming.
A child is screaming at the person that almost hit her taxi cab.
A woman in red blouse is standing with small blond child in front of a small folding chalkboard.
a woman stands with her child
A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand.
A boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand.
Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party.
Some people are by the side of a swimming pool partying.
Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party.
Some people are holding beers in the picture.
Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a house party.
People were celebrating at a Christmas themed party.
A busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives.
The morning rush hour fills the streets with busy people.
A female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield, waiting for the next play.
the player is pretty
Two people crossing by each other while kite surfing.
The people are both males.
A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.
The people are unique.
A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects.
The people are creative.
A woman in black reviews a message as she walks to work.
The woman in black is being fired via text message.
A family walking with a soldier.
A few people walk with a man in uniform.
A mother and daughter walk along the side of a bridge.
A mother and daughter are walking home.
Boy in midair on bicycle
The boy is falling off of his bicycle.
Three dogs running through a field.
Three dogs are running in the daytime
Three workers, with life vests and hard hats, on a boat hanging from cables over water.
Three lifeguards are haning from the boar, trying to save the dog from drowning.
A man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a woman wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black pants also using snow walking sticks.
two people go to work in a blizzard
A man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens.
the man is watching the stars
A man is painting a picture outside behind a crowd.
A man is recreating the Mona Lisa outside in front of a crowd.
A young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.
A young man does a flip off a wall and wares baggie clothes.
Two dogs run together near the leaves.
The two dogs are running to play in the leaves.
A man with no shirt on is performing with a baton.
A man is trying his best at the national championship of baton.
Female gymnasts warm up before a competition.
Gymnasts get ready for the biggest competition of their life.
Dark-haired man wearing a watch and oven mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen.
A man is going to surprise his wife with dinner.
A worker peers out from atop a building under construction.
A man is atop of a building.
A young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box, looking for his present.
a child opens a present on his birthday
A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground.
A young boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground.
two boys reading superhero books
Two boys reading a book about spiderman.
A man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street.
The man is an amish man.
A blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something.
A blond little boy is cutting out little stars for his little sister.
A person dressed in white and black winter clothing leaps a narrow, water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another, where a female dressed in black coat and pants awaits.
The female awaiting the man leaping is his sister.
Elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a woman dressed in black.
The woman balancing a basket on her head is heading to her neighbors house.
Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene.
A tourist checking out Seattle.
An old man looking over a sculpture.
the man is at an art gallery
The soccer team, clad in blue for the match, began to counter down the field in front of the defender, clad in red.
The blue soccer team is playing its first game of the season.
Two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other.
Two children are sitting shirtless indoors
Two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other.
Two young children are playing with each other and giggling while playing with markers
Two people talking on a dock.
fishermen at the dock
a young boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field trip.
The boy is on a science field trip.
A man has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background.
A person is performing a trick at the circus.
A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.
a child in a black ninja suit does a kick
Three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.
Men are having a conversation outside.
A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.
A person is sitting outside
A man cooking over high flames.
A man is cooking for his friends.
A man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time!
A man is cooking dinner for his family in a bunch of pots.
A man with a long white beard is examining a camera and another man with a black shirt is in the background.
A man is with a cowboy
Four women are taking a walk down an icy road.
The road is dangerous for the four women to try to walk on because it is covered in ice.
Four men stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them.
People love the music
A man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day.
A man is shooting a gun outside with his friends.
A group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official.
They are college football players.
Five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television.
Five men watch tv.
Five young men are in a loft, with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television.
Some guys are in a living room.
A man in a black ball cap, black jacket and pants sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it.
The man is sitting in front of a school.
People seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.
A family reunion is in progress as relatives sit at tables and write down each other's addresses.
An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.
A person makes dinner.
Four women competitively rollerskating around an area.
Four women enjoying rollerskating.
A group of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival.
Workers cleaning up after St Patrick's Day.
A young girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie.
The young girl is having fun.
A car is loaded with items on the top.
The car is going on a trip.
A man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.
There are two guys above the water.
A man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.
Two guys are on a lake.
Several women wearing dresses dance in the forest.
The women are older
A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti
A long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a fast pace over a stone wall with graffiti.
Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog.
a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog
Two children and a woman climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure.
A woman and her kids climb up the stairs
A woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water.
The woman is a super model.
A brown dog jumps over an obstacle.
The dog is a chihuahua.
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.
A dog is taking something to its owner.
Two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half.
Two men are cutting wood to build a table.
Two strong men work to saw a log.
two strong men work to saw the oak log
A black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background.
The men are novices at martial arts.
Two ladies at workout in mother nature.
The ladies are kickboxing.
A kid playing a game called The Derby.
The child is playing a game for fun.
A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.
The man is riding a dirt bike.
A group of people in an alley looking at the camera.
People are hanging out together
A group of people in an alley looking at the camera.
People are taking a picture
A group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market.
A group of men, and women look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street market.
A group of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them.
Group of people being filmed purchasing vegetables for a market's advertisement.
An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street.
An Asian man is selling food.
A man is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe.
A man is repairing a dam.
Two dogs stand side by side in the yard.
Two dogs hiding in the yard together.
Two older women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth, the baby wears an orange and brown dress.
The dress was a gift.
A man in a black shirt and brown pants is jumping in the air performing a karate kick towards a man in a red shirt and black hat.
Actors who are also martial arts experts face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and black and the bad guy wearing red and a black hat.
A wet child stands in chest deep ocean water.
The child is a boy.
Three young girls in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding.
The cameras are cheap.
A man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bike.
The man in the red helmet is winning his bicycle race.
A man wearing dark knee boots, a green cape, and a hat with two big feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick.
A man sits by himself at Mardi Gras.
The white dog is pulling a large stick.
The dog is playing tug of war with a stick.
A tree worker with a hard hat is cutting down a branch.
The tree appears to be dead.
A child plays with her father's boots.
A child players with her father's boots while he is at work.
A young boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background.
A red slide on the patio is next to a small swing set.
A lioness closes in on its prey.
the lioness is hungry
A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.
The female gymnast is training for the Olympics.
A woman in a white hijab digs into the ground.
the lady digs into the ground for gold
A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first.
A girl happily uses the equipment at a playground.
A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day.
A skateboarder is preparing for the new season.
A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island.
A tourist has his picture taken on Easter Island.
a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person.
The man is reaching for his wife.
Three women are smiling and making cupcakes.
Three women make cupcakes for a bake sale.
Men in hard hats work along a wall.
Guys are working near a wall and it starts raining.
Two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses.
The horses are both brown.
A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act.
A skier teaching others a trick
A dog runs.
The dog is running outside
A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk.
The big dog is playing with a toy.
A black mother in an orange dress with her two little boys and husband at an outdoor market stand.
A black family selling fresh produce in an outdoor market
A group of kids play on a colorful structure.
A group of kids are outdoors.
A group of kids play on a colorful structure.
A group of kids are playing in the city park.
A man walking and carrying a notebook.
The man is on his way to class.
A man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station.
A person is waiting for the train.
One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.
The man is confused because he doesn't know where he is.
Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb, men in dark clothing and hats approach fare card machines; one older man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves.
The man are putting on their attire before going into the cold weather.
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy
The dogs are in the backyard.
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.
A surfer is being flung in to the waves after hiting a large crest.
A man is walking past a large sign that says E.S.E. Electronics.
The man works at E.S.E Electronics.
An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store.
Man takes a picture with advertiser after purchasing their brand of liquor at a store they are promoting.
A crowd of people are packed into a subway car.
A crowd of people are headed to work.
A girl wearing a scarf is brushing a horse.
A girl is brushing a horse after coming back from a ride in the snow.
A girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces.
The girl is outside.
A crowd walks about a square at night with smoke or fog drifting over them.
A group of people walk through tear gas.
An Asian woman enjoys a nice treat
The Asian woman is eating ice cream.
A schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle.
A girl is playing a sport in which she is jumping over a hurdle.
A woman is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes, as they rest on a leather seat.
The woman is sitting next to someone.
Kids playing on the rocks with a steamboat in the background.
The kids are playing tag.
A man, wearing a white hate and sunglasses, is sitting in a white truck that says "Coast Gas".
A man is sitting on a truck at a gas station.
A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket, and Blue pants, taking a Photos of a Horse.
The photographer is being paid to photograph wild stallions.
This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids.
This person is going to the waterfall
A man in a mask in the back of a service vehicle.
A robber is in a police car.
A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off.
The horse tripped on a rock.
A person with an orange shovel is shoveling snow.
The person is clearing their snowed up driveway
Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks.
Workers wearing orange are about to repair rail tracks.
A member of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground.
A man is on on skis on the mountain.
A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp, which is located within a city.
A skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves.
A young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride
a boy is giving his brother a piggyback ride in the park
A woman teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding colourful scarves.
A woman is teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding green and red scarves.
A bare chested smiling child plays in water.
There is a child getting naked in the water.
A bare chested smiling child plays in water.
There is a naked child in the water.
The two boys are swimming with boogie boards.
The two boys are swimming and catching a wave
A man in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing sunglasses.
A man is talking to a lady about the weather.
Three girls are standing and talking to each other.
Three girls are laughing
People are standing next to a chain link fence.
The people are at a school.
Two guys walking, one carrying a skateboard
The men are walking to the park.
A male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track.
A tall person running
Three children are playing with an illuminated water art display.
Three children are swearing at an illuminated water art display
Kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an image of a large rose on it.
Kids are playing at the fountain at a local mall.
A woman is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball.
A woman had a tennis racquet.
A woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.
A woman is getting ready to box
A woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.
A woman is getting up to get some water
Here is an announcement for everybody about the beach.
The announcement for the beach is a warning.
A person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another person waits on the ground with the tether.
The helmet has a stripe on it.
Two Asian people cooking on a grill in a park.
A couple are having a picnic in a park.
Two Asian people cooking on a grill in a park.
There are hot dogs and hamburgs on the grill.
A group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen.
The kids like science.
A group of men and boys look upwards at something.
A group of coaches are showing their team the scoreboard.
A brown dog runs through a grassy field
A dog chases a rabbit.
A girl jumps in the air.
A jump roping girl.
A girl jumps in the air.
A girl jumps high.
Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.
The man was holding the door for his girlfreind
kids are looking at something on a table.
Some kids are looking at an insect on the kitchen table.
skateboarder sliding down a ramp
A skateboarder is doing tricks for a competition.
skateboarder sliding down a ramp
A skateboarder is taking pictures of himself with his phone.
A person dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape.
A snowman is being photographed with its creator.
Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops.
A baby is running in her big sisters flip-flops.
kid holding handles on two wheeled object
The kid is riding a bike.
There is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents.
Young children open presents under a large Christmas tree.
A man is walking in the street.
A buisness man is talking a walk on his lunchbreak.
The big dog is checking out the smaller dog.
A mother dog checking up on her baby puppy.
A man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people, all wearing business attire.
A stock broker is speaking at a Wall Street conference.
A woman is standing near three stores, two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it.
A woman stands outside of two art shops deciding which one to go into on a street corner.
A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.
The person is in a race.
A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune.
The person is riding a big wheel.
An expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side.
The man is on his cell phone.
Man and women standing under a red umbrella.
The married couple stood under the umbrella.
A man holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side, and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera.
A family poses for a Christmas picture.
A man in a market holding some very large green onions while smoking a cigarette.
A man is shopping in a grocery store.
Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street.
A woman is wearing a polka dot outfit, in the middle of a dangerous scene, passing out orange juice.
A light colored dog leaps over a hurdle.
A show dog is showing tricks for the judges.
Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt
A man with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboard.
A woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee.
The woman is chatting with her friend.
San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium.
A popular football team in California has many fans.
San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium.
The 49ers are ready to play versus their rivals.
A man in an army uniform meeting someone foreign.
A man in an army uniform is meeting a foreign civilian in the war zone.
A young man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression.
A carpenter is having some fun during his break.
The firemen and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket.
The person under the blanket is dead.
A bearded man with a backpack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge.
The man was taking pictures of nature.
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling
A man wearing glasses in smiling at a concert.
Indian men selling food items on the sidewalk
Men are selling hotdogs on the sidewalk.
People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.
People are watching the flowers blossom
Three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments.
The three men were in a band together
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.
A man leads a cow to be milked.
Soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building.
Soldiers are holding guns and peeking around an extremely small building.
Three men in Soldier dress and helmets stand with guns outside of a building.
There are people patiently awaiting a firefight.
Three army soldiers are holding guns and peering around a corner of a building.
Soldiers are on guard as they're waiting for someone to steal documents inside the building.
Three army soldiers are holding guns and peering around a corner of a building.
Soldiers are being told to guard a building.
A man is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper.
The boss watches as the employee reads the memo.
A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun.
a woman enjoying a florida beacj
A woman raises her arms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun.
a woman at a beach
A man takes a drink in the doorway of a home.
A man is looking out onto his front lawn from the doorway of his home.
A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.
The man is cleaning the fish that he caught so he can cook it.
A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag.
The couple poses together.
Two woman, one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt, are riding horses.
Women are outside riding horses as their families watch them from the other side of the farm.
People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animal, and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing.
People wearing cool-weather clothing because of the excessive wind.
Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him.
A bully tries to pop a balloon without being caught in the act.
A man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume.
A man is disguise as he dances with someone.
A man dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume.
A couple dances in a competition.
The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.
The pitcher wants to strike out the last player on the team.
A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.
A dog is at the park with it's owner.
Some men and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy area.
A group of people play a competitive game of Frisbee.
Men wearing life vests speed across a body of water in an orange boat.
The men are on their way to a rescue.
A musician playing a guitar and harmonica singing a song with "Whatever it Takes" written on his guitar.
The musician singing the song is asian.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
The white dog is with it's owner.
A pale colored dog runs through a body of water.
A dog runs through some water to catch a stick.
A girl crosscountry skis.
A girl is wearing a cap.
A lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch.
The lady cooks meat
A lone person is walking in front of a white building.
A person walks outside with an umbrella in his hand.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
The boy is wearing shorts.
Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loaded onto a delivery truck.
There is salt on the pretzels.
a red-haired woman playing the violin
A woman is performing at a concert.
A guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite.
A man eats his last marshmallow as his friend begs for a bite, but he doesn't give in.
A man in a black suit with a cat on a leash is looking in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the man, as a woman in a green jacket, black pants and high heels has walked past both cat and man.
A man taking his cat with him while running some errands.
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
A lady shopping.
An old man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey.
The man talks to his son the clown.
Mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake.
A mom and a son spending time together on their weekend supervised visit.
A very dirty race car doing a burnout on some dirt.
A car does a burnout in front of thousands of onlookers.
A young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch.
A man trims a tree
A man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street.
The man tries to make some money from tips.
Two dogs, the gray poodle high in the air, play on the grass.
The animals are playing catch.
A girl laying on the ground on her cellphone.
a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground next to a dog
A man is renovating a room.
A man is using a hammer in a room.
A woman in a scarf, laughing, being licked by a dog.
A woman spends time with her brand new puppy
four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with big tree logs on the ground close to them.
Tall humans standing
Two young girls hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a room with blue curtains.
Two girls are happy and getting into the spirit of Christmas.
This is when daddy taught her how to ride her scooter.
daddy is old
A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street
A boy on a skateboard riding down the street his house is on.
A man wearing a graduation cap, a suit, and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops.
A man wearing strange clothing is being stared at by shoppers.
Three people sitting on some stairs laughing.
Someone told a joke.
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell.
A group of girls are having fun.
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell.
Girls are at school.
Shipyard workers are standing around.
Shipyard workers are waiting on the docks
Shipyard workers are standing around.
Shipyard workers are standing on the docks
A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger.
A woman points at the man she is talking about.
A woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees.
The trees are ready for spring.
an elderly man in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue.
There is a man outdoors playing an instrument
A man in a black business suit stands upright next to a man wearing blue and leaning against a railing.
The man in the black suit is planning on robbing the man in blue next to him.
A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside.
People are racing up a hill.
Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside.
People are hiking threw a woods.
A group of men, some with musical instruments, sit in chairs around the perimeter of a room.
A group of men are preparing for a concert.
First Lady Laura Bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the White House Conference on Global Literacy.
Laura Bush gets ready to address a heated issue
First Lady Laura Bush at podium, in front of seated audience, at the White House Conference on Global Literacy.
Laura Bush is giving a talk about the importance of literacy to young people.
Two men stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp.
The two men wearing hula grass skirts are Hawaiian.
Times Square in New York.
Times Square is packed.
A group of young adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime.
College kids wait in line for concert tickets.
A man surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go.
An extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters
Two men and a Frisbee
Two men playing with a Frisbee.
A boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water.
The young swimmer wades out into the water at the start of his team practice.
a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow.
A lumberjack poses with a tree he's about to chop down
A shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup.
A man is waiting for someone
One woman with jeans, gray shirt and sandals; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair.
The woman is contemplating buying a new outfit.
Military personnel are shopping
Military personnel are in the mall.
Military personnel are shopping
Military personnel are buying groceries.
Two black labs run, one carrying an orange dog toy.
Both dogs are female.
A black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking.
The man is talking to his friend on the phone
A woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock.
It is noon.
Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse.
There are people at the hospital.
A middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen.
A chef is near a food truck.
A small Asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat.
A mother and her child ride home from work.
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull
The matador will feel sorry for the bull
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull
The angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so
a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull
The raging bull is going to stamp the matador to pieces
a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf.
The woman is dreaming of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop.
Three men are standing on stage performing.
Male actors are putting on a play in a theater.
Two adult men in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoking torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment.
Two brothers hold torches to celebrate.
A black man in a knitted, blue cap and green, collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut.
A man showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around
A patient is being worked on by doctors and nurses.
A man is at the doctor.
a candid photo of a young lady sitting at a restaurant table.
A young woman is smiling and looking away from the camera.
a boy wearing jean shorts, and a black and blue shirt, reading a book, sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair, while other people stand around.
A boy reads a mystery book.
A large crowd of people talking to each other.
People speak a variety of different languages.
Elderly people walking down a city street.
The Elderly people are crossing the crosswalk.
Elderly people walking down a city street.
The elderly people are walking to a restaurant.
An older women looking off into the distance with three older women walking towards her from behind.
An older woman is trying to see a billboard that is far away
A man sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of toilet paper and a cellphone sitting beside him.
A man is sick next to the toilet.
People dressed in traditional Japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones.
The people are partaking in a Japanese funeral tradition.
A man shows off his spider-web face paint.
A young man shows a group of people the black web painted on his face.
Man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face.
The man has his face painted for a Halloween event.
Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign.
A man taking a break
Boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his mother sits on the couch and watches him.
A boy in light green pajamas plays.
A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him.
The young boy is asleep while the woman is watching television.
A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him.
The older woman behind the young boy is his mother.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
Bob takes his infant daughter for a family photo.
Sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.
Team members were practicing on a basketball court while large crowd watched.
Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree.
Some people are attending an outdoor book sale.
Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a tree.
People are standing on a sidewalk.
A sungalsses vendor gazes into the distance.
A woman vendor gazes into the distance.
An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.
The ambulance has its sirens on
3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background, one with the label Galina and another the label Inga, and the 3rd running close behind them in blue.
Galina is winning the race.
A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas.
The man holing the painting is making sure he painted the dog correctly
A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat ring while spectators watch in a city.
A man does magic tricks.
A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.
A sad man walks along with a can of soda in his hand.
Some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow.
They are pushing it off a cliff to cover up a crime.
Some men in burgundy coats try to push a car in the snow.
These men pushing the car off a cliff is from a scene in the movie Fargo.
Two children are swimming in a pool.
Two kids are in a swimming race.
Women in costume stand on a stage.
The women are in a parade.
Women in costume stand on a stage.
The women are performing a play.
A young boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer- he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and launched into the air.
A young boy has fun playing outdoors.
A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.
A rugged man sits atop a mountain.
Young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background
There is a fishing boat in the harbor.
Young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with boats moored in the background
A young man and an asian woman are near a dock on a bay.
Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.
He was happy.
A group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture.
The group of people are smiling for their family photo.
A woman is taking a picture of a girl on a scooter.
The woman is the girl's mom.
A person taking pictures of a young brunette girl.
A young model has her first photoshoot.
A person taking pictures of a young brunette girl.
A photographer is working.
A child stands in a shower with clothes on.
A child's clothes are full of mud in the shower
A solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event.
The man is riding fast on the four wheeler.
Two men cool off under a waterfall.
Two brothers are under a waterfall.
A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo.
The man is a worker.
A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo.
A worker is cleaning up after a fire.
A man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk.
the man and the boy were in town
An Asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse.
The woman is in her 20s.
Three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.
The men are talking to each other on the side of the rode about their wives.
Three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.
The men's bikes broke.
A group of men are riding a moving walkway.
A groups of men at the airport are riding a moving walkway.
Six men in airport standing on moving walkway
Six men are trying to get to their gate at the airport.
A person in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain.
A person is looking at the mountain waiting for the right time to climb it.
The man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale.
A retail store worker shows a customer the latest designer wear.
A lone person in a long, black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red bag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night, with the text "CAFE DE FLO" visible on the cafe canopy banner.
A businessman walks by a closed cafe.
A woman holding bags behind plantains.
The woman is about to shoplift the fruit to make dinner for her cats.
Three soccer players, two in orange one in yellow, running for the ball on a soccer field.
Some teams were playing ball in the field.
a woman in a brown dress looking at papers in front of a class.
A woman checking papers is a teacher.
A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a competition.
A swimmer is winning
A young middle eastern mother in high heels, holding her young child as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep, is gazing out the window.
A woman holding her sleeping son is thinking about the future.
Band plays in tight quarters.
The four members of the band are in tight quarters.
Three women sit together near woven walls.
The woven walls are multicolored.
A band playing on stage in a club.
A rock band is playing at the 9:30 Club
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts
A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater lab as a scuba diver assists.
A female astronaut adjusting to the feeling of low gravity by training underwater.
A worker is doing a job on scaffolding.
A tall human working
A man is steering his ship out at sea.
A man is sailing to Cuba.
One woman taking a picture of a second woman as she leans on a table.
Women taking pictures of each other at a restaurant.
A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.
The man may lose his balance.
A game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair.
The players are playing rugby in a championship game.
Dog running through the snow.
This is the first time the dog has seen snow.
An elderly women is sitting in a chair on one side of a room with a group of musicians, including a cellist and guitar player, and on the other side of the room, a group of people are sitting on chairs.
She is over 80 years old.
A large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts, one of whom has thrown a long pole.
people celebrate st paddys day
Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing.
The kids are on a fieldtrip
A woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.
A woman cries because her husband left.
Women in red are performing with nun-chucks.
The women are auditioning for a kung fu movie.
Six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building.
They are in a wedding
A young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm.
The young boy is outside.
A young boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm.
The young boy is on a farm.
This is a twisting, turning roller coaster ride, filled with people.
The roller coaster ride is made from wood.
A caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth.
A clown is performing a unicycle trick.
kid practicing karate move
A kid is practicing a complicated karate move.
A young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in London.
A young man waits outdoors in London on a bench.
A young man waits on a bench with his bag behind a few advertisements in London.
The advertisements behind him are for a food.
Some children are playing soccer in front of a large wooden door.
The kids are enemies.
Rock band on stage immersed in light show.
Some of the lights are yellow.
A guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background.
A band is playing a song for an audience.
A guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background.
A band is playing a concert in a packed stadium.
The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled.
A quarterback is holding a ball.
A woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete.
The woman is waiting for her boyfriend at the local bus stop.
A group of people standing around smiling, and in the background are more people and handmade signs.
There are a few unhappy people here.
A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back
A fan has his moment
A man in a shirt and tie speaks to a group as an older woman holding a cup of coffee looks on.
The man is wearing khakis.
A little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach.
A boy is watching the ocean.
A little boy with a shirt, shorts and socks on, standing on the beach.
A boy is watching a boat float by.
Three women talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycle.
A group of women went for a motorcycle ride.
Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone.
A man is talking to his wife on the phone.
A group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields.
The police are controlling an unruly crowd.
Street vendors preparing and serving grilled food.
Street vendors are skillfully grilling food for customers.
A man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process.
a man has surfed for an hour
A male windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways.
A windsurfer realizes his trick has gone wrong and he is going to crash.
A crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stage.
A crowd is watching a talent show.
A man is using what looks to be a fax machine.
A sad man is using what looks to be a fax machine.
A child in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his arms and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs.
A child is smiling as he watches a clown.
An Asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags.
An Asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags and he can be seen leaving the store.
An Asian man is praying at a Buddhist temple.
The man has been Buddhist his whole life.
A band performing at a local bar or club.
The band is playing rock music
Two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting, with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet.
Two brothers are climbing a tree to get down their Frisbee.
A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick.
a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street
A man looks at an iPad on a subway, while a beautiful women reads a book.
The man with the ipad is older than the woman reading the book.
A young man in a straw hat, jeans, and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building.
a man cleans outside his work
A group of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a picture at some sort of festival.
The group of people are part of a cult.
A woman sits in a market where she sells goods with her dog.
A woman sells her wares in a busy market.
Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk.
Two workers blowing leaves on a fall day
A small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool.
Boy cooling off during the summer
Africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background.
The  people are in Africa
Men work on a city street.
The men are construction workers
Workers wearing orange vests work on fence.
Guys working outside.
Workers wearing orange vests work on fence.
Men working to build a fence for customers.
A dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd.
The guy in the green cap just got home.
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A fat woman is wearing pants.
A man is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an indoor pool
A man is teaching his granddaughter to swim.
An older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street.
A man on crutches is trying to cross the street.
A young man, wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier.
The man is a Janice Joplin fan.
A young man, wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin, plays the guitar in front of a large amplifier.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar.
An elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans.
An old man collects soda cans.
A toddler, sitting next to another girl who is slightly older, is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air.
Sisters are using a bubble machine to blow big bubbles.
Two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest, while a bulldozer sits idling nearby.
The two men are taking a lunch break.
Two soccer players are going after the ball.
They are playing soccer outside.
An elderly man talking to a young boy by a table of produce.
the boy was listening
The guitarist performs a rocking solo.
the musician is performing his favorite song
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.
Man stares at a painting in a museum.
Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance.
Man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds.
Three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard.
They are planting flowers.
A group of people, mostly in straw hats, follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks.
They plan to go throw rocks into the water
A longeared dog running in the grass.
A beagle runs in the grass.
The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle.
The circus performer wows the crowd with his feat.
A man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches.
The man is street performer.
A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.
A young girl enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation.
A man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk.
A man in a gray shirt is working on a novel.
A man is riding a bicycle in the street.
the man is chasing after his daughter
A guy on Rollerblades, sliding across a rail.
The male rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing.
A young boy plays on a pile of rocks.
A boy is playing army with action figures on rocks.
One man cutting through ice on a cold day.
The man cut the ice wrong.
A laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched, while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face.
the man bet the other man to eat 40 cookies
A laughing man is sitting in a camp chair with his arms outstretched, while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face.
the man was laughing at the man who was stuffing his face
Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts.
Three small dogs run through the grass during the day
A man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left.
The man who just purchased a pinstriped suit for a formal dinner didn't notice the poster to his left that shows a man wearing the same suit.
A woman wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a woman who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking.
The women just heard a joke.
A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod.
A woman sets up a camera to capture pictures of the night sky
A person rides a motorbike on a dirt path surrounded by trees.
The bike is black.
a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration.
The man is protesting for better wages.
A dog and a cow play together inside the fence.
A dog and cow are playing with hay.
A young man, wearing a white shirt, prepares hotdogs on a small grill.
A young man is grilling hotdogs for a Memorial Day party.
People looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror
People look at their reflection in New York City.
A small child is riding in a red wagon.
A kid is playing inside the house.
A small child is riding in a red wagon.
A kid is in a wagon and someone is pulling it.
A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt.
Someone made one of the girls cry.
Three males and one female are posing for a photograph with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background.
Four friends pose for a photo on their ski holiday.
She is standing outside a building.
A woman is posing for a selfie.
A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.
A man is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt bike.
Three people wearing black blindfolds near a "Salvar O Planeta" sign.
they are protesting
A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform spraying water.
The man is spraying water on the rubble so that it doesn't get too dusty as the building is demolished.
A young blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller.
a woman rests near her baby
A group of people building gingerbread houses.
A group of schoolchildren are working on a gingerbread house neighborhood for class.
A group of people sitting and knitting.
A group of women are knitting.
A young Asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining.
The girl in a pink dress uses an umbrella for a sun shade.
A young woman wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors.
a woman is practicing for the olympics
A young lady and group of younger girls watching a group of military men drive down the road at a parade.
They think the men are handsome.
A woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer.
A woman wants a new facebook picture of her at the aquarium
A boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree.
the kid is in front of the tree on christmas eve
A man is laid back in front of a tv.
he is watching the news
A little boy playing outside on the cement.
A boy is playing with a toy car.
Woman running in a park while listening to music.
A woman exercising for the day.
Two hockey players on opposing teams, one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey, are standing on the rink.
Two opponents are getting ready to face off in a Hockey game.
People hurrying to get to work in a busy city.
People rushing to get to work in a busy city cause they are late.
People hurrying to get to work in a busy city.
People waiting at a bus stop.
An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.
A woman is portioning out soup for the workers.
An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.
A woman is handling food containers.
A man in a hard hat, gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a large American flag.
A construction man takes a break to salute the flag.
A lady in a blue and white tube top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background.
A lady is taking pictures at a party.
A man preparing to bat in a baseball game.
The man is on a team.
Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.
the girl is riding down a dirt street
Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water.
A boy is getting splashed.
Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water.
The boy is having fun.
A woman in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis.
A woman is wearing a silk shirt.
A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball.
A person is standing on a tennis court.
A man working at the top of a telephone pole.
A man is checking the telephone wires.
A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass.
The boots have a hole in them.
A nighttime street scene of a restaurant.
The restaurant is about to close.
A man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw.
the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw to saw wood for a house
A female marathon runner wearing a red headband, a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved road.
a woman runs quickly down a road
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting.
A dad took his child to a museum to see a famous painting.
The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired child in front of a painting.
A male has clothes on with his hand holding another young male in front of a painting.
A group of people in black outfits drinking beer.
People drink beer at the pub.
Three women are dressed in ninja costumes.
The ninja costumes are black.
Man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court.
a man is competing with others on a soccor court
Man in dark shirt, yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court.
a man is preaparing to play a game
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
The two dogs are playing with a frisbee.
Man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something.
A man and his son are looking at something.
A windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board.
The windsurfer is having fun.
Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps.
The people are on the famous steps Rocky runs up in a training montage.
A man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car.
A short man stands on his tip toes in front of two people.
An elderly woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself.
The woman is Asian.
A group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.
A group of people are helping an accident victim on the highway.
A woman in an apron is looking for bread.
A woman is looking for bread in her kitchen cupboards.
A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.
The girl is wearing shoes
A man is playing drums with a band.
A man is playing at the music festival.
A couple walking down the street.
An old couple walking, holding hands
A woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard.
A woman struggles to swim after falling into a strong current.
Right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.
The boy is not happy
A girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air, while she is in the forest.
The girl is jumping because she is happy.
A dark headed woman picking out a green flower from a large bucket full of them.
A woman picks a flower for her mother.
a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction.
A mass of people moving in the same direction in order to find the object.
A BMX rider is in midair while on a dirt trail.
The BMX rider is getting dirt on his clothes.
Six males, four with shirts and two without, have taken a break from their construction work on a building.
A construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building.
A young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.
Two young people are in love.
Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it.
They are working near a brick building.
A man is standing inside a building under construction filled with bricks and various tools.
a contractor looks at the job
Two men playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains.
A couple people enjoy the water near the mountains.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
The tennis ball was thrown really far.
Pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips, and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture.
A lumberjack harvesting massive redwoods.
Pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips, and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture.
A smiling man with his pink spring trees.
A man standing alone in a park.
a man alone in the park up to no good
A person lies in a grassy area near a building.
A man is outside.
Two small children walk away in a field.
Two small children walk towards their parents in a field.
A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cut field.
Kids are playing in the field.
several people are bike riding.
A group of siblings are riding their bikes to school.
A man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.
The man is intelligent
Two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.
Skateboarders race for money.
A smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio.
the woman is happy.
A biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain.
A biker is riding for a charity event through the center of town.
A young gymnast looks back at the audience, trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance.
A gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her parents before performing the routine that will reveal she hadn't been attending her lessons.
A woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat.
A female is posing for the camera.
A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band.
A great human with a big trumpet
A child with blond-hair looking out of a screen door.
A blond haired kid looks through his front door at the mailman.
A fighter jet plane is landed outside Notre Dame cathedral at night.
The fighter plane has no one inside of it.
A couple about to kiss somewhere.
A couple are kissing on new years eve as the ball drops.
A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her.
The ballerina hates this.
A man wearing a black cap is suspended in the air on a swing, as children are swinging on a swing set.
The man in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the kids.
A man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street.
A man is painting New York City.
A man is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street.
A man is painting some dolphins.
A woman is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another person operates a large wooden loom device in the background.
The woman sitting is asian.
A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail.
The conductor is walking in a field.
A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail.
A man is wearing coveralls.
The dogs run a race at the track.
People are betting on dogs at a track.
Performer who is wearing 2 hats a scary mask and a black and white robe.
The actor playing Voldemort is wearing a scary mask and a black and white robe.
Four entertainers dressed in Roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theater.
Professional actors are doing summer stock.
A group of young adults with "X" on their hands, smiling.
They are all under 21 at a club.
A young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront, dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols.
The young white girl is standing on a street while it's sunny outside.
This off-roading driver has tipped his truck.
An off-roading truck was totalled.
A man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street.
The man is walking to the supermarket.
A speaking woman at a podium has the phrase "Armenian Genocide" written on it, flanked by priests and men in suits.
The woman is Armenian.
People shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market.
People shopping for veggies at a nice market.
Four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.
Four young boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living room.
Man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books.
Man takes library books back from customers.
Man in chair laughing and talking to others, while handling books.
Man sells books to crowd.
Motorcycle rider going over a bump.
Motorcycle rider going over a big bump.
Two bearded men sit side by side.
Two men are sitting together at a park.
Five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building, holding their own string instrument.
The people are friends.
The small boy is running through a grassy area.
The boy is in a park.
Two people bicycle on a path separated by small mountains.
Two people are in a bike race.
Four children are sitting at a table eating breakfast.
Children are eating cereal.
A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill.
A woman is skiing down a hill in Colorado.
The man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building.
A guy is doing skateboard tricks outside a building to promote a movie.
A lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by many people as she walks.
a princess in white dress was there in crowd
A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink bag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her.
Lady in pink reaches to shake hands with man sitting beside her.
A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle.
A tall woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera
Two men are wrestling; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniform.
Two men wrestle in national competition.
A lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting, and inviting them to be quite.
A teacher is trying to have her class enjoy a field trip
Blue, red, yellow, and white are the dominant colors of a picture of two police vehicles outside of what looks like a smoke roll playing vehicle, a motorcycle in between the two cars with 6 people in the picture.
The six people are all police.
A group of swimmers jump into a pool.
A group of swimmers jump into a pool during a swim meet.
A man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects.
A man standing with his purchases of the day.
The person is fishing, with waves splashing around him.
There are lots of fish landing on the person's line today.
Two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.
Two children sleeping in a bedroom.
Three men dressed in white shirts and white hats, (two with baseball caps, the leader with a white construction helmet), pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums.
Three brothers pound on some drums
Two men in workers' gear and colorful hard hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship, next to some very large machinery.
two men are working on machinery on the famed titanic
A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other.
A lady just exited Starbucks.
Fans are dressed in green and yellow for a major sporting event.
There are fans drinking beer at a sporting event.
A chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chefs knife.
The chef is preparing sushi.
A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below.
the crowd is a mob
A female guitarist is playing on stage.
The woman is doing a solo piece at church.
A man scales a rock climbing wall.
A man rock climbing after nearly falling to his death.
A family with young children sits down outside.
A man and wife sit outside with their children.
Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation.
Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone
Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.
The men are nervous
A woman getting her face painted for a parade.
the woman is on a float
Three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.
The three men are wealthy businessman who own the company's whose logos they are standing in front of.
Three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos.
Three men are celebrating a business achievement.
A man in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a group of pigeons that are nearby.
A man is outdoors
A person doing a trick on a snowboard.
A pro snowboarder is competing in the Olympics.
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail.
A snowboarder is practicing a new trick.
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.
A barefoot child has shoes nearby.
A woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling.
A mother and daughter are chatting.
A father and son are in a field of yellow flowers.
People are picking flowers.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
A young girl celebrates the 4th of July by holding two flags.
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road
A group of girls and women are laughing as they cross the road.
A group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures.
the group is on vacation
A gentleman standing on steps getting his picture taken by a girl wearing a dress.
The woman is taking the man's photo for a magazine.
A crowd of people is looking at something outside of a Gap store.
The crowd is all men
A little boy playing with two rubber chickens.
The boy is outdoors.
Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain.
The man in the yellow jacket is having fun.
A woman with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building.
The woman is doing laundry.
The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee.
Two dogs are playing catch at the park.
There are many people in a large room with a lot of furniture with tags on them.
Treasure hunters flock to an estate sale, with a lot of antique furniture for sale.
Four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts.
The group of men are teaching the boy how to make wood crafts.
A woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat.
A woman is folding her pants at the laundromat.
The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide open.
Two bears are facing each other in the woods with their mouths open.
A man leads the way in a race.
The man is running a marathon.
The children play in the pool.
The children are playing Marco Polo.
A motocross rider rides in the air over a bar.
A motocross rider performs a trick during a competition.
A man in a black hat, standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing.
The man has a great singing voice.
A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboard at a skatepark
A guy riding a skateboard in the rain.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants, and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch.
A biker is getting ready to race against his opponents.
Some elderly people are playing instruments in a park.
The old man is playing the guitar.
A child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers.
A happy kid and some flowers.
Dog yawns
A yawning dog is tired and sleepy.
A young girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib.
A girl just finished eating.
A boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats.
people are starting and leaving a fishing boat tour
Tourists waiting outside of a home to visit.
People waiting for their grandmother to let them in a home.
A white male in and office setting, wearing a gray dress shirt and black dress pants with black dress shoes is jump roping and smiling.
the man works in the office.
A male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball.
The male is playing in a tournament.
Two women in tank tops are drinking.
Two women are on vacation getting drunk.
A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue.
A group of people are unhappy to be at the stadium.
An old man with a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background.
A tall person with a hat
A group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard.
The young men are working to level an area of the yard to put in a new basketball court.
Two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents.
Two fishermen are emptying their catch from a barrel.
A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert.
A man approaches a woman's house on business.
Man sits at the doorway of barber shop.
the man is a barber
A young man in an orange shirt, maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp.
A person rides a skateboard well.
A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.
He is getting dizzy.
A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnel in the playground.
He is outside.
Cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture.
Enjoy the town on foot or by bike.
Cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture.
Bike rental as low as 9.99 an hour.
A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car.
The man behind the wheel is teaching the boy about cars.
Three Asian men are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them.
Three men are performing a ritual.
A girl in a green coat walks down a rural road playing a flute
The flautist plays a lullaby.
A group of female athletes are huddled together and excited.
They are about to plan a score.
A group of female athletes are huddled together and excited.
They are huddled together because they are working together.
A runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking lot.
The runner just got first place.
A nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope.
A woman getting her annual check up.
A boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.
The faces of the people are visible
Two sweet young girls on ice skates, hands up and holding on to each other get ready to begin their performance on the ice.
The female ice skaters are competing in a tournament.
A white man taking a photo in front of water.
A man is taking a wedding photo in front of a pond.
A man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch.
The man is cleaning up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening before.
A man wearing blue pants, a white helmet, and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in midair, against a blue sky with a single puffy cloud.
The man is doing a trick on his skis.
Picture of two men playing in a band, one playing the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument, in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background.
A band is auditioning for the owners of a nightclub.
Very young boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water.
The water sprays on the boy.
The white dog runs across the snow.
The dog was a husky.
Man in casual dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond woman in short red dress and red high heels
Dancing is going on in a big room.
A man in military uniform points as three other men watch.
the man is training some guys
A man in military uniform points as three other men watch.
the man is wearing green
A group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american Parkinsons disease association.
A group shows up to an event to support research on Parkinsons
A group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american Parkinsons disease association.
They show up to donate and support for the fight against the disease
A person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road.
The person is riding there bike to lunch.
A woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.
A woman talking to a stranger.
A group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outside posing for a picture, each one with their dog by them on a leash.
A group of people are part of a dog lover's group.
Man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack.
A man races on a four wheeler in a charity event.
A blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it.
A woman is helping her friend take a picture.
Using a soccer ball for support, a young boy in blue sits atop a park bench.
A boy is playing with other children.
A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character, Ralph Wiggum, plays a Nintendo DS with his sister.
A boy is playing a Nintendo DS with his sister who he loves.
The player in the white dribbles the ball, while the player in the orange tries to stop him.
The player in white and the player in orange are participating in a pick-up game of basketball at the gym.
Two men are playing during a basketball game.
Two men are playing during a college basketball game.
Two little white dogs running.
A few dogs are running to their owner.
Women enjoying a game of table tennis.
One woman really sucks at playing ping pong.
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime
people on their last day of work
Soccer players are playing a night game and the ball is in the air, while the two teams fight for it.
The opposing team is winning the evening soccer match.
A scruffy man is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes.
A homeless man with a shopping cart.
A woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.
A sad woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing.
People standing with their bicycles.
The people are taking a break from riding their bikes.
A man with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formal event.
The two men are at a wedding.
A man draws a caricature of a woman.
A man drawing a caricature of his wife.
Many roller derby players skating around the rink.
roller derby players skating around the rink at practice.
People, mainly women and 2 referees, are skating fiercely during a roller derby match.
Fierce competition in the roller derby women's final match ensues.
The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.
A rollerskater behind the pack.
A man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone.
The man is eating chocolate ice cream.
A young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis.
There is an older man teaching his grandson how to play golf.
Workers are removing ice from a walkway.
Workers removing ice from a walkway in front of a school
Two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields.
Some Asian women are walking in the field of rice.
Two oriental older women gathering rice from the fields.
Two Asian women are wearing hats.
Two men spar in martial arts gear.
They are wearing all black gear.
people standing at a beach with Cameras.
People standing at a beach being filmed by cameras.
people standing at a beach with Cameras.
A group of people standing at a beach filled with cameras.
A man and woman setup a camera.
A man and woman prepare to record a scene
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.
Two children are testing out their new telescope and seeing what they can see on the street.
Two individuals use a photo kiosk
The people are together
A young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair.
A young child is visiting the beach with his family on their summer vacation.
A woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter.
The woman who is shown lives in the South.
A man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street.
The man just went shopping at the grocery store.
A large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling.
A group of protestors engages with a woman inside an auditorium.
A large crowd is gathered outside and one woman is yelling.
A protest is assembling.
Lot of people are gathered in front of a building.
People stand outside of the building, awaiting the all clear after a fire drill.
An medical worker examines a young girl.
A health worker is evaluating a girl on her sickness.
A girl in a black sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle.
A girl pours water into an empty coca cola bottle
Men are playing rugby while covered in mud.
It rained recently.
A woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe.
A woman holds a metal axe.
A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home.
The roofer is putting on shingles.
Man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth open.
A man is performing in front of a crowd.
Women wait under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market.
It is raining outside.
Construction worker looking over the job site.
This worker is in charge of everyone
Two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance.
Two people are out looking for a good camping spot.
Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star.
the woman reading book in the hall
Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star.
the woman holding book with smiling in the home
A young girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a group of children playing behind her.
The girl is smiling because she is having fun.
A shirtless man is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller.
A shirtless man paints a wall red.
A man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass.
The man is riding on the sidewalk.
A man on a bicycle, wearing cycle gear, riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree's and grass.
He is heading to the cabin down the trail.
A man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top; and her arms are in a dance pose.
a guy paddles for his wife
Asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing.
Asians spot what they think is a UFO and take pictures.
A group of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate.
A group of friends poses for a picture in front of a brick wall.
A man, wearing a cap, is pushing a cart, on which large display boards are kept, on a road.
The person is stealing display boards.
A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.
A Nascar is being watched.
A man and a woman running in the street.
The man and woman are running in a marathon.
A woman with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books.
The woman is in a library.
A scientist studies a slide in order to work on her new creation.
A woman standing near a microscope.
A small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.
The town has snow on the ground.
A person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town.
The pants are new.
A student in a green shirt is writing in a notebook.
A student studying for a big exam
A mountainous photo is complete with a blue sky.
There is a photo of Mt Everest.
Young boy plays with a truck outdoors, while a woman waits.
Young boy has many toy trucks
A man in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a store while a man and a woman each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side.
The costume is promoting the man's work.
A person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back.
The person is marching in a parade.
Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill.
Men on bikes go over a sand hill to get to the finish line.
A man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head.
A couple enjoying some alone time.
A man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow, posing for the photographer, and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head.
A couple are having their wedding picture taken.
Four men are posing behind a cash register.
The men all know each other.
an Asian woman dances with long ribbons, she is mid jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her
An Asian woman is dancing sexily.
A big black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth.
A dog returns a toy to its owner.
A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse.
A boy is pretending to be a cowboy.
A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show.
A man is laughing as he watches a show in a theater.
A man stands on a dock near several boats, while 2 other men are on one of the boats.
A man with brown hair is standing on a dock.
A man wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm.
A man is raising his arm to get someones attention.
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance.
A man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance.
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it.
The burning blue building will turn to dust after an hour.
A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it.
The red truck is a fire truck.
Two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display.
Two dancers are making money
A lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean.
A woman is a good surfer.
A woman looks at a plate filled with steam.
The woman is cooking something exciting.
A woman looks at a plate filled with steam.
The woman is in a kitchen.
A group of children in African clothing.
Some humans in green clothing
a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball
a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball after a penalty.
A man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow.
A man is trying to get to something by digging.
A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football.
Two people are playing flag football at the park.
Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.
The musicians are care free.
Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow, while life behind them continues.
Musicians are passionate about music.
A group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands.
The group is in a classroom.
A group of people in a room, most with computers, some raising their hands.
Some people have questions.
A group of people are walking by a van.
People getting ready to enter a vehicle.
A man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.
a man sips whisky
A woman in a striped shirt holds an infant.
A woman holds her baby.
A woman in a striped shirt holds an infant.
A person is watching TV.
a man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument
A man and woman collect money for playing.
Two young musicians play from a stage.
The two musicians are playing the trumpet
A woman is holding her child while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a small lake in the background.
The people are on a family picnic.
A girl with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle
The girl has just got down drinking the whole bottle.
Mother and daughter are meeting for the first time.
The mother and daughter are meeting over lunch.
A team of surgeons operate on a female patient.
The woman has cancer.
A woman with red-hair and large tattoo is sitting in a chair outside.
A lady is sitting at a table outside
Several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party.
The people are celebrating New Years Eve.
Three young men wearing backpacks, shorts, t-shirts, sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance.
Three young people are putting on suntan location while standing on the beach together.
Man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance.
Couple go out for their first surfing session as a couple.
A kid slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool.
The kid is playing at the waterpark.
a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree.
The girl is playing hide and seek.
A man in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with drinks on it.
A man sits near a table with his drinks
A group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game.
Some children are playing soccer by a school.
There are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.
Two men are friends
A thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape.
A woman is enjoying the outside weather
there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain
The people are waiting for their performance to start.
Five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.
The audience watches as the actors in the dim haze, ready their lines for the first scene.
Five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.
At a rock concert, the audience screams and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist.
A man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow.
A camper with ski poles walks towards his campground.
A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.
a hockey goalie earns his keep
A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street.
A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants is looking at her neighbors below her window.
People looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk.
Tall humans looking.
It is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag.
A man holds a big flag.
Two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill.
Two dirt bike riders are outside
Two dirt bike riders, one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white, are jumping a hill.
Two dirt bike riders are practicing new tricks
A snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain.
A snowboarder lands a trick during a competition.
Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy, and smiling on the sidewalk.
Two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other.
Two people are riding at once on one single bicycle.
Two people riding on a bicyle down a small dirt road.
A man riding a motorcycle on a dirt road passing several junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road.
A man is making a cross country trip on his motorcycle.
Two people play horseshoes.
Tom and Sue were playing horseshoes.
Two people play horseshoes.
Tom and Sue were playing outside.
The people await to cross the street while walking the dog.
people are at a busy intersection
A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.
A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants and yellow t shirt
A kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment.
Two men are composing together.
Two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in California.
Tall people standing
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket, while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building.
One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket ready to puke.
A group of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them.
they have a work meeting
An older man wearing stars and stripes rides a bike.
The man wearing stars and stripes on a bike is in a parade.
A man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background.
A guy misses the park and passes by it.
Four men are sitting in front of two large windows; one man is playing a guitar, one is playing the bongo drums, and two are sitting back without instruments.
The four men sitting in front of the two windows belong to a band.
An adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick.
An adventurous man navigates through the jungle, searching for a rare babboon.
Children are playing outside in a fountain.
Some children throw stones into a fountain.
Children are playing outside in a fountain.
Some children a outside playing near the water.
Stick figures in the middle of the street.
A painting of a stick figure
Cook handling hot tray with food on it.
man preparing meal for wife
A boy rides his skateboard at the park.
A sad boy rides his skateboard at the park.
Five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.
There is snow outside.
A dog is running in the waves at the beach.
The dog is fetching his toy that his master threw into the surf.
A middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance.
The middle-aged woman is heading home.
Two little girls reading a book at the library.
The girls are sisters.
A kid with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside.
His face is painted to look like a tiger.
A man wearing a black beret, black coat, and black gloves takes a picture in the middle of a crowd
A man in black takes a picture of a fountain.
A woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a picture of another woman posing.
The woman posing is a famous model.
A bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet.
A tall human wearing glasses
A cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing.
A cyclist dressed in black and white points towards the sky.
A young man at a bowling alley posing on the scoring machine.
A young man is bowling.
A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market selling Coca-Cola.
A crowded street where people are buying soft drinks and other items.
A group of women playing volleyball indoors.
Awoman serves the volleyball.
A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.
A woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera.
Two girls playing basketball.
The girl threw the basketball.
A professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch.
World Series game 3 is being played
A professional baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in action position and are awaiting the pitch.
There are people outdoors
A band singing and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people.
A band is playing a cover song.
A man is installing a roof.
A man is putting a roof on a beach house.
Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background.
Children are swimming in cold water.
A man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap, as well as a harmonica near his mouth.
The street performer takes a break.
A woman in skirt, torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street.
The man and woman are going to a movie in the city.
Women in blue dress singing on stage.
A woman is singing for the first time.
A man sits at a table in a room.
A man sits and waits for someone.
A young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete.
The man has a colorful skateboard
A mechanic for a race car team is working on the wheels of a race car.
The car took a pit stop with just a few laps to go.
A man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin.
a wife and husband perform
A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him.
there are people in a house taking pictures
A boy on a bicycle in midair
A boy is falling off his bike.
A group of young people performing on a stage.
A group of people are singing and dancing on stage for people.
a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel
A stray dog walking out of the subway tunnel.
Three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet.
They are about to go upstairs.
Three women and two men are standing at the foot of a large staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet.
They are going up the stairs.
the man is in the middle of a pole vault
The man is concentrating.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
A dog is playing ball with his owner.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats.
A man in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climbing at a very very slow pace.
A man in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants.
A man watering his neighbors plants.
A man in a suit cheering in a library in front of children.
A lawyer is encouraging some children at a contest.
A man playing a piano
A man is playing a black piano.
little girl posing for a picture.
The child is getting her school pictures taken.
A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it.
A man plays a piano for his family.
A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons.
The couple is celebrating an important event.
Fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage.
The man is throwing a concert outside
A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him.
A boy is raisingin his hand to answer a question in his class.
Two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with "Crusher" written on them in the middle of a body of water.
The two men are enjoying an afternoon in the water together after a tough workweek.
Two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway.
The tiles are very colorful.
A large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains.
The large audience is watching an award ceremony.
A man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd.
A man rests on his friends after a championship fight.
Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field.
A dog is excited.
An older, barefoot boy is talking to a younger, shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street.
An older brother is talking to his younger brother in the middle of the street.
A man waiting for the bus in a war torn country.
A man is waiting for a bus sitting on a bench.
A man waiting for the bus in a war torn country.
A man is waiting for a bus in Iraq.
A gray rally car is being driven by two adult males while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof.
The men hope the container won't fly off the roof.
A group of people are looking at photographs on a wall and speaking to each other.
A group of friends are visiting an art exhibit.
A young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place.
A tall person with glasses
A group of people on the bark, brightly lighten street, while one man with a gray hat holds a large colorful sign with arrows.
A group of friends heads down the street to a birthday party.
A dog jumping into the air.
A puppy leaps for a Frisbee.
Several people browse through books at a store with a tile floor.
There are a lot of people looking for a certain book at the local Barnes and Noble.
A father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in American colors.
two people mow lawns for a living on the 4th of july
Shirtless man with long pole navigates covered boat down a palm tree lined river past a hut.
A man without a shirt is on a river.
A couple has been photographed through a gap in the fence while they are sitting near the water.
The couple is married.
The hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off.
The players and referee are getting ready to start the match.
A woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of Japanese signs, with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks.
A woman is walking down a busy street in Tokyo.
A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background.
A girl is swinging, rather high, on a swing with light blue ropes.
One girl sips a soda while another looks on, standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles.
A girl drinks a soda on the street in front of people
Two young ladies walking down the street together.
The two women bundle up in winter coats as the blizzard sets in.
Two young ladies walking down the street together.
The two woman are sisters, and are on their way to their mutual friends house down the street.
The indian's are performing a sacred dance.
The Indians hope there sacred dance will bring rain.
Three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments.
The people are playing at a festival.
Everyone is getting ready to play the game.
People place their piece on a Monopoly board.
A family smiling on the couch.
A family is sitting on a couch watching TV.
A woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit.
They know each other.
A man holds a rope for a boy who's about to climb a wall.
There is a man holding a long rope for a boy climbing outdoors
Two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand.
They are boyfriends.
Two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river.
Two girls at a camp.
Two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water.
Two scuba divers are inspecting a submarine.
Nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup.
The nurses are discussing a patient.
A female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.
A gymnast is in mid air.
A female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her feet pointed upward.
A female gymnast is competing at the Olympics.
People in motion down a city sidewalk.
People are walking to an event.
People in motion down a city sidewalk.
People are flying down a sidewalk.
A man wielding an electric razor is gleefully shaving away another man's hair.
The two men are brothers.
A man smiles while he shaves the head of another man.
A man is donating hair to a charity for cancer patients.
One man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.
Men are gazing.
One man in baseball cap looks out while two men look down.
Men are lamenting the fact that their team lost.
Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire.
People in uniform are working near a fire.
Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire.
Police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they film a fire scene.
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.
A man waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.
Two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpet runner going down them.
Two little boys are pretending they are climbing a large mountain.
A person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium.
The person is trying to be sneaky.
A woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator.
A woman is walking to the escalator at a sporting event.
Asian men sitting down, and some of them are wearing white and pink hats, while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes.
A group of adults are waiting for an event.
A smiling man is holding up a gavel.
The man is a judge.
A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.
A man is holding a book about fossils, standing in front of a chalkboard.
A woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone.
The woman is playing a game on her cellphone.
While one man, in the white cap, is golfing, three other men are in the middle of a conversation.
A man putts while his group talks to each other.
A group of cyclists at a race with their arms around each other.
They are going fast.
Women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them.
People are gathered on a sunny day at the beach.
A motorist gets some air over a rough hill.
A motorist is riding his bike in a competition.
Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train.
the people are women
Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train.
some people standing
The child is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole.
The child is athletic.
A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar.
There is a man that is good at music.
Two men in polo shirts, reading the paper.
Two men reading the paper on their break.
The 3 dogs are cruising down the street.
a family of dogs cruises down the street
A boy whiffs a ball with a bat.
The boy is playing baseball.
A man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him.
The bat is aluminum
A man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black Ginobili jersey on it.
A man is wearing his sport jersey in his cubicle.
A man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black Ginobili jersey on it.
A big sports fan is working inside his cubicle.
A man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask.
The man in jeans is standing on a bridge working on a outside while listening to music.
A man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes.
The man has black hair.
A man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wood fence.
Somebody is wearing work gloves.
Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at night and waiting to get on a double-decker bus.
Friends wait to get on the bus at night.
People are waiting in line to board a double decker bus.
German tourists are waiting in line to board a bus.
An Eastern vendor sits by his stall with a rooster nearby.
a rooster near a vendor hoping for food
A man looking out of his window.
A man enjoys the sun coming through the window.
A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water.
The boy is in swimming clothes.
A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool.
A boy is playing in his new swimming pool.
A lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side.
A tall person is walking
A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted.
The baby is eating.
A man on a bike, with the sun beating down in the background, just launched off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down.
A professional bike rider performing tricks.
A young man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a young girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen.
A science teacher demonstrates how to mix the liquid as his young student takes notes.
a child playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it.
a child plays outside next to a christmas tree
Two people sitting on the sand.
There are two people at the beach.
A man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room.
The man is cleaning his clothes.
A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face.
A woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open.
Two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song.
The band members are playing in a dimly lit room.
In a small village a Man sets sail along the Swamp.
A man hunting crocodiles
A group of soldiers march in a parade.
A group of sad soldiers march in a parade.
A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle.
A boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner.
A woman rests her head on a man's shoulder.
Woman resting her head on husband shoulder
A man with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an RV.
The man owns the RV.
Two teens trying to win a prize at a carnival.
The two young teens tried to throw the ball into the basket to win the big bear.
Two men, in their later years, one wearing a hat, the other wearing glasses are fixing some sort of machine.
The men are trying to fix a car.
Two little boys are standing in a kitchen.
They are going to get something to eat.
A child in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned child looks at it.
a child likes the dress
A man laughing while at a restaurant.
A man laughing while at a restaurant eating.
People sitting on benches in a public area.
There are people sitting on benches outdoors talking to each other.
A group of women around a table to fabric.
The women are sorority sisters.
A man is giving a presentation.
the man is a farmer
A boy scout with a red cap is looking through a telescope
The boyscout looks through a telescope at the clear night sky.
An older man in a printed shirt, smoking on a busy street.
A man is smoking a cigar.
A man touching a hanging strand of lamps.
A man reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamps.
In front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures, three children stand, two of them holding squares of blackboard.
The children are doing schoolwork on the black boards
A man wearing dark jeans, an orange shirt, and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top.
The woman is the man's wife.
A choir made up of varying ages of people are performing.
The choir is doing a Christmas program.
A view of bicyclists on a city street, riding in both directions, with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lanes.
The road is in China.
A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores.
A young woman is on a shopping trip.
A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building.
A young man working in the snow.
Children playing a video game together.
The children are having fun together.
There are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball.
Two brothers have a snowball fight.
A man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on wooden supports.
A man is repairing a car.
People walking along the beach on a sunny day.
a married couple and their kids walk along the beach.
A group of people, one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful purse, wait to board a large white and blue bus.
The people are waiting outside of an airport to board the bus.
Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval ship.
The workers are on break.
Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval ship.
The workers are close to the water.
A group of boys playing street soccer.
A team is playing street soccer.
A rally in a different country.
A big rally in a different country.
A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other men watch.
A tall person in shirt
A musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth.
The man is in a heavy metal band.
A child in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain.
The child is getting wet from the fountain.
A man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.
The man is kneeling down.
A man wearing a welding mask working on a duct.
The man's head is partially obscured.
A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by.
the man is a model
A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.
A man and woman are getting eloped
Someone splashing in the water.
The woman splashes as she tries to keep from drowning in the river.
Two person are walking on the streets.
The two people are talking about the weather.
A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the woods.
A boy in orange rides his fathers dirt bike.
3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red BMW, with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants
Cyclists are in a race on the part of the course that is on the highway.
Man straining to climb cliff face.
Man reaching up to secure a handhold on the cliff face.
A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.
A woman escapes a from a hostile enviroment
A woman with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk.
The crowd walks around a woman
A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.
The woman is sitting in the chair next to the podium.
A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.
There are people giving a speech at the fair.
A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.
Two people are standing beside each other.
A boy and a girl sit at a black table, while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill.
There are boys and girls sitting at a table playing games
A man with his arm around a woman.
The woman and man are smiling.
Two men are sitting on a couch.
Two men are watching TV on a couch.
A young man holding a microphone and singing.
A young man is doing karaoke in a bar.
A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass.
The dog's nose itches.
A chef explains different varieties of Tomatoes to consumers.
He knows a lot about tomatos.
A chef explains different varieties of Tomatoes to consumers.
He likes to cook.
A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.
A person is trimming a tree.
A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.
A worker falls out of a tree.
A man dressed in a blue shirt, tan shorts, and a red baseball cap is examining a red antique car with an U.S. flag attached in the rear.
A restored car being inspected by a potential buyer.
Two men in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall.
Two men standing in front of a wall looking for trouble.
Two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table.
the men are partners
A girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge.
The girll is playing a game.
A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycle.
The man speeds along the street.
A girl and a boy hugging on a bridge
Boyfriend and girlfriend hugging each other.
A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.
The little boy is hitting the girl.
A little girl has her arms around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the woods.
The little girl is consoling the boy.
The gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder.
The young lady that the gentleman is speaking to is his daughter.
A juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt, juggling.
A person juggles balls in a kilt.
A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs.
A man in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple.
Am man riding a very tall bicycle down the street, past a large brick building.
A clown rides a tall bike in a parade.
Several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets.
A party has just ended
Several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets.
A group of people fight in their dreams
A young woman playing hopscotch.
A girl is teaching her friends how to play hopsotch outside.
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
A child is playing on christmas.
A musician playing his violin.
The violinist is on stage with other musicians.
Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass.
The boy is going to school.
A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a taught chain near a canal.
A man is performing a balancing trick over a large canal in Venice.
A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings.
A man is homeless.
Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing.
He is barefoot.
Young Asian male child either smoking something or its an instrument.
A child is Asian and American.
A woman in a bright pink jacket and jeans, with two young children, also in jackets, is on the deck of a yacht using a telescope to look out to sea.
A woman has a bright light pink jacket.
A dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outside the unit watching.
Four men are making sure that the man in the storage unit stays put.
A group of women sing together while wearing matching black dresses.
A group of women sing on stage at the concert.
An athletic woman in a gray top and black shorts, seems very focused on her rollerblading.
woman going to park
There are several asian people, one wearing a baseball cap.
There are many people attending a baseball game.
Two dogs in a grassy field.
Two dogs are playing outside.
A man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons.
Some people are throwing a surprise birthday party.
A man and woman talk to another woman, all looking concerned, in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons.
Some people are throwing a party.
Three friends are talking.
Three people have drinks in their hand.
A man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses.
A man is shopping.
A young teenage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls.
the boy is fifteen
A dog carries an object in the snow.
A dog is carrying a stick in the snow.
Two men and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top.
A family is walking through a gate.
Little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice.
A girl with curly hair is drinking through a straw.
A music concerto is happening on stage, with the lights on spot, while the audience listens in the dark.
The concert is being held at night.
Two boys inside a fence jump in the air while holding a basketball.
Two boys jump with excitement.
Children play in a shallow pool next to a large image of a girl's face.
The children can all swim.
A boy and girl child swing together on a swing set.
A brother and sister are playing on a swing set.
Two hussars sit perched on horses, dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear, each holding a sabre in their right hand, reigns to the horse in their left.
There are professional riders at a ceremony.
A man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle.
Clown entertains people at a birthday party.
two men are seen talking, one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary.
Two old men talk at a family reunion.
a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard.
The man is perplexed by the events.
A woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey.
Someone is in a bar.
Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a person.
Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by the vet.
Two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock.
Men fishing from a long wooden dock.
Two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock.
Women looking at the lake from the dock.
A man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television.
A man prepares to give a speech for a television audience.
A speaker is talking with a TV in the background.
There is a live bear in the background.
A speaker is talking with a TV in the background.
The tv volume is turned on low.
A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it.
One man shows the ransom money to the other.
The man is taking a picture of the beach.
the man is a photographer
In an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book.
The man and woman are cooperating.
In an apparent classroom setting, a young man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a woman dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book.
They are in college.
lady in black skirt is getting excited.
A lady is excited after winning a contest.
A man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him.
A man sings a love song to the audience.
Two men holding a Chinese lantern that's yellow and red, one man has a drill and the other is smiling.
A father and son hold a Chinese lantern and prepare to hang it up.
Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on.
The girl is browsing reddit on her phone.
A man in a black shirt working on a guitar.
A guy working on his bass guitar.
A man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole.
A man is working in the sun.
Two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow.
The girls are cover head to toe.
Two girls in winter jackets, knit hats, and glvoes are outside in the snow.
The girls are building a snowman.
A couple dressed in coats, hats, and scarves are standing in the snow.
The couple stood in the snow together for the photographer.
Three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby.
Many people load up a taxi
Three black people, two men and one woman, in the middle of a small, rural street, are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a net dangling down on top of the windshield, while two children and two other people are nearby.
The people put furniture on the taxi
A young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black.
A woman teaching a boy to sing.
A young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear.
The girl is getting riding lessons.
A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.
The single man was working on his house
A hand holds a strainer with a small amount of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background.
A hand holds a strainer, a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation.
A blond man playing a guitar.
A well dressed man is playing a guitar.
Four cyclists are racing on an indoor racetrack all wearing the same red, white, and blue uniforms.
The racetrack is long.
A woman in a US military uniform is writing on a large piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her.
A woman is trying to write a letter to her daughter in the states
Two people climb a rock overhanging water.
The two people are racing each other on the rock.
Two people climb a rock overhanging water.
Two kids are climbing the rock.
A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock.
The girl is cooling her feet on a hot day.
There is a Victorian style building in the background, and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it.
The owners of a house enjoy their pond.
One man wearing a pink and blue striped shirt, work gloves, and holding a yellow hard hat.
A tall person in a shirt
Woman is looking something.
A woman is looking at a man
a lone snowboarder jumping in midair with a snow covered mine in the background
A boy is snowboarding in mid air
A fisherman using a cellphone on a boat.
A fisherman uses a cell phone to call his wife.
A man getting a group of children to move around and have fun.
A man encouraging children to have fun with one another as they look on.
A man getting a group of children to move around and have fun.
A father attempting to encorage his children to run around and have fun outside.
A tractor decorated as a float for a parade
A tractor drives down the parade route
Men play hockey.
Men play fair
A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball.
A dog is outside.
A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse, inside a fence with a horned cow.
The woman owns the horse.
An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance.
A man singing to the crowd.
An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance.
A man in front of an audience.
A girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes faces.
A girl is playing wrestling with a friend.
A dog attacking a man wearing protective gear.
He was training a police dog.
a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
A blind man is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders.
A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop.
A skier going down the bunny hill.
An old black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the string guitar during the day.
The man has been playing the blues.
A worker dressed in hazard orange, face-down in an open street work.
A city employee inspects construction on a public road.
A man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park.
A man walking in Droney Park on his day off.
A smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him.
This man has an eyesight deficiency.
A smiling man with gray hair and glasses, dressed in black, is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him.
This elderly man is nearsighted.
A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle.
A man is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck.
A baby is looking into what looks like a telescope.
An infant looks through a telescope pointed at the planet Jupiter.
A woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man.
Performers are waiting for a crowd to calm down before they continue their performance
A little boy wearing a yellow, white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt.
The little boy is good friends with the girl.
A woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck.
A woman is getting her maternity pictures taken.
Blond women working wearing gloves.
A woman wearing gloves to hide her injuries.
A woman in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at different stages of maturity.
She intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unripened to ripen.
A group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades.
Everyone is riding rollerblades.
Four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net, in an outdoor, urban basketball court.
A group of young men looking up at the basketball hoop to see if the ball will go in.
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio.
The ballerina is wearing pink.
Four kids pose on a stage.
Four siblings pose for a photo on a stage.
People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake.
A family is diving into the water.
A boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole.
The boy is younger than age ten.
A woman in white climbs up a metal structure.
A woman in a wedding dress is climbing.
A person is squatting down near buckets, holding something in one hand.
Someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water.
An oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket.
A woman is cleaning wood outside from a bucket near the window.
A man with a blue, collared shirt sits in front of another man.
a man is looking at his friend
Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building.
An older man is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building
A man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk.
The man is wearing knee pads.
A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water.
A woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the ocean.
A girl is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket
A girl is playing tennis with three other people.
Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers.
Six people are dressing old school for a play.
A young male is running while playing tennis against another person.
A man moves while playing a game
A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market.
A woman compares prices on eggs at the market
A lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel, or red apron, with her husband standing there.
A lady cleans her feet for a fetish video.
A lit girl splashes around in natural water.
The girl is outside.
Two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field.
Two teams playing soccer, practicing for the Olympics.
A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills.
two dogs chase a bunny
Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill.
The dogs are chasing a squirrel.
Young people are standing around a drum at a party.
People are playing a drum.
A person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a "swim at your own risk" sign on the wall.
a person is relaxing on his day off
A white man in a red shirt riding a bike.
An old guy wears a shirt on a bike.
Several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table.
Several people are sitting around a table and are about to play a card game.
A young girl poses with a trophy in the park.
A girl poses with her spelling bee trophy.
Two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day.
Two men are shirtless.
People at a farmer's market.
The family is near a farmer market.
Four people enjoying an art exhibit.
Four people are trying to see what new painting to buy
Man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon.
A clown makes balloon animals.
this Man, with a Red& White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck.
the guy has bottles on the truck for me
A little blond boy is playing doctor with red, blue, and yellow toy gear.
Boy playing doctor on a friend with his toys.
The team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river.
The river is wild
A young man holding a young woman in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain.
A young couple is very much in love.
A crowd in which two men are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outside of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree.
Many people are singing carols.
A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wire in a tropical location.
The spectators watch in awe as the bicyclist does tricks on a high wire.
Two people are sitting in a chair a lady reading and a man looking to his phone
The people are husband and wife.
people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings.
Two coworkers eat lunch on a bench outside of their building.
people sitting on stools looking outside.
People look out side the bar they are in.
A young woman wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and a hat, performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an outdoor bike park.
Young woman shows off new bike tricks in front of friends.
At least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that overlooks the city.
people sitting at a table getting ready for dinner
A little boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him.
A boy puts on his new sunglasses
Men in an office with computers and a projector screen.
The men are preparing for a presentation.
Two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball.
Two soccer players fight after the ball until one gets a penalty.
A man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom.
The man is the janitor for the building.
Numerous customers browsing for produce in a market.
People are shopping for watermelons.
A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop.
A boy is practicing his basketball shooting skills for his school's game later.
A U.S. soldier helps a young girl in the hands of her father, while other soldiers look on.
The girl has a troubled expression.
Taking a break to watch some TV
Taking a long break
A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches.
A dog plays in the park with his owner on a sunny day.
A boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail.
A boy is walking to the beach.
A man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt.
A man is giving a toast at a wedding.
A man in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine.
A lumberjack works.
A lady is promoting something to the other two girls.
A woman is selling jewelry to two girls.
Some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft
Some kids playing with a raft in the lake.
A group of Asian girls are standing together.
The girls are standing outside.
A cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snowy hill.
A boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down a snow hill with his friends
Two girls kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks.
Two girls kiss there dad.
A woman wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair, a bead necklace, a medallion, and an aqua, brown, and olive-green dress and looks off to her left, smiling slightly.
A woman smiles at someone to her left
A man is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts.
The man working at target was carrying shooping carts up the escalator.
I am squatting on a dock, looking into a lake.
I am at the lake with my family.
A man looking at a woman looking at water.
A woman watches the lake while her child swims.
A man looking at a woman looking at water.
A man drinks beer.
Lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab.
The lab tech is looking at a cell sample.
Coed choir singing at an event.
A large choir is singing.
A man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering.
The audience is cheering because of the celebrity.
Children receiving places at an award ceremony.
The children are receiving awards for humanitarian efforts.
A woman crosses the street with a baby in her arms.
A woman crosses the street carrying her baby boy.
A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with long gray hair, a red skirt and tan shirt.
A small man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
A young girl in a red top is running through a grassy area with large buildings in the background.
The young girl loves to run.
A child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike.
It is the child's first time hiking.
A person is walking a bicycle down a city street.
The bike has a flat tire.
A young man sleeping next to a dog.
A man is sleeping next to his daughters dog.
A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby, with a single soap box car on the road track.
The people watch as the soap box car drives by them.
A young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other children play.
A boy poses in front of his siblings playing
A young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair.
A girl is helping her grandmother try on a new bracelet she bought.
A young woman with red-hair is adjusting a blue bracelet on an older woman with short hair.
A redhead is putting a bracelet on an old woman.
a group of people celebrate their asian culture.
At a Chinese restaurant, a group of people celebrate their Asian culture.
A man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background
A man preforms tricks on a motorcycle.
Two daschunds play with a red ball
Two dogs playing fetch.
Guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.
A man in the Navy stands on a boat in the cool air.
Guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water.
A man in the Navy is sailing through the water.
A man standing on a green boat.
He is going sailing.
A man standing on a green boat.
He is outside.
Artists install a new exhibit in a gallery.
People put up new art.
The rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercise at the competition.
The gymnast completes her intense exercise.
Two people are riding bicycles next to a building.
Two people are riding red bicycles next to a building.
The female soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach.
The soccer team is listening to their coach for their last play to win the soccer game.
A man drops something, reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an important topic.
A man reaches for a cellphone while his companion tells him about her life.
Asian people about to perform animal balloons.
people perform for kids
Two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town.
Two young girls enjoying a night on the town.
Three young girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it.
Four sisters play with each other.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt, khaki pants, and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket.
A child is getting ready for his junior athletic league tennis tournament.
A boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area.
A boy is playing with the other children.
Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters.
Two women are working.
Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters.
Two women are running a kitchen.
Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car.
She is hailing a cab.
A group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on.
The group of people are swimming in the water.
At a table with an art camp pamphlet on it, a young woman and an older man are painting ceramics under the supervision of a blond woman wearing a name tag.
Two people are trying to finish up a project before an art contest
There are two people walking in the sand.
The two people walking in the sand are on a date.
A woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog.
The tan dog is being groomed on the table.
A woman is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog.
The woman is holding a some clippers in her hand.
oh yea these suckers cant catch me.
Dog running down the street.
There are a group of track runners bracing to take off.
The track runners are all black ethniticity
There are a group of track runners bracing to take off.
The track runners are competiting to win the race
Two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard.
The two guys are workers working on the billboard taking a break.
A woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water.
The woman is in the ocean.
A man who wears glasses, a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox cap holds a young boy who also wears a blue shirt.
The man the baseball is taking his son to a baseball game today.
A young boy learns how to ride a horse
The ginger-haired kid holds the pony's reins.
A man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building.
The man's shorts are red.
Shadowed cyclist jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographer films.
A cyclist is performing for a new sports show.
A sitting man is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall.
The man is a sculptor.
A tan-skinned man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white phone.
 A young man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm, talking on a white large phone.
The wind propels a sailing ship on a group of cruisers.
The ship nearly hits a cruiser.
A man in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing.
A man is scalping tickets to a Seahawks game.
a man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture
A woman is taking a photo of a man standing outside in the sunlight.
Two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit.
The two men are friends
An old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair.
A large human sitting.
A man smokes while leaning against a pillar, which has a "missing person" flier posted on it.
a man smokes a joint outside
A group of runners are running towards two identical skyscrapers.
The runners are competing in a marathon.
Children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk.
kids playing at a park outside
Boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow.
The boy pushes as hard as he can
A person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competition with their teammates in the background.
A man posed at a baseball game.
group of people sweeping the floor and cleaning
Some janitors are sweeping floors and cleaning the campus late at night.
Five People are kneeling between two park cars, and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the air.
A strange ritual is being performed.
A man is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face.
A man is taking a nap on a bench.
A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond.
A girl is fishing in the a pond in the summertime.
A young boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash register, pretending he runs a grocery store.
A young boy is playing with flour and sugar bags.
A younger man dressed in tribal attire.
A young man wheres tribal clothes for a ceremony.
A man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape.
A native american actor is about to re-inact a famous gunfight at a tourist ghosttown
A man wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a Native American costume, stands in front of a crowd of people on the street.
The feathers are colorful.
An old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day.
The man in the plaid shirt is looking through a telescope to see stars at daytime.
Two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground.
The men are brothers.
A man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.
A naked man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.
A man stands with his arms out inside a large green piece of equipment.
He is trying to get it working again.
A young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage, looking down.
A black man is performing in a play.
A guy in boots, jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it.
A man standed near the fence to show the numbers.
A man in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two women outdoors.
three people on work break
A group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building.
A group of people analyze art together
A little boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach.
The boy is having fun.
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant.
The people are celebrating their father's birthday at a local restaurant.
Brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off.
A horse is near a man who is about to ride it.
A little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes.
A boy is hungry for some cookies and cakes, but doesn't have any money.
Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen.
The people are cooking a dinner for Valentine's Day.
Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing.
A woman giving a seminar has her words recorded by her transcriber.
A person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting.
A tall human standing
a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outside a cafe.
Woman waiting for a friend at a cafe.
A man in reflective sunglasses, a skull T-shirt, and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair.
The man is a hippie.
children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.
Children are having fun at Tommy's birthday party.
A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying.
Bird flying outside against the sky
We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts.
People are looking at sexy underwear.
We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts.
People are looking at underwear.
A group of men playing music, the man holding a guitar is talking to a man with drums.
A band plays salsa music.
man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables
A man sells fresh corn on the side of the road.
man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables
A man wheels a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a store.
A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
a dog catching a ball he just got as a gift
Older men sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street.
Older men eating dinner
A gas station and a car on fire.
A car sets a gas station on fire.
This is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent.
There is a fresh food market.
Three children and adults in the background, all pretend to sleep.
The children are playing a bedtime game with their parents.
A crowd gathered around a young man who is performing.
He is playing guitar for the crowd.
Two people are running in the grass by a hill.
A man and a woman are running as part of their training for a marathon.
A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book.
A woman is deciding whether or not to read a book.
An older man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting.
Grandpa is lecturing
a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo.
The woman are enjoying a nice date out at the zoo.
People enjoying food outside of a restaurant.
Some people enjoying their brunch together in the outdoor seating area of a restaurant for mother's day.
A black man wearing tan shorts, a yellow sweatshirt, and a baseball cap is holding up his hand and talking to an Asian woman posing with another young black man while they are holding red flags with yellow stars.
the man is a doctor
A man a woman posing for a picture.
A happy young couple are posing for a portrait.
A man and a woman are dancing in the crowd.
a couple dances among other people
A man and a woman are dancing in the crowd.
a couple dance together at their wedding reception
A man wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position, while a man in uniform squats beside him.
The man is fat.
The backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top.
A dog on a red leash getting ready to go to the beach.
A man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience.
A man is showing a group of people perfect biking form
A man with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a large tree.
a man at the opening of a large tree in his yard
An orange on the floor next to a dog.
The dog is a labrador retriever.
A cyclist in a red and white uniform is biking across a garage full of people.
A cyclist is in a competition.
A young girl in glasses observes something in the distance.
A girl is looking at the sky from far away.
A group of mountain climbers rests at the summit.
A group of climbers celebrates at the top of Everest.
A boy wearing jeans, standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone.
A boy with no shirt on throws rocks.
A man in dress pants and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature.
a man walking around in nature because he's lost
Four men with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table.
The men play baseball together.
A man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in Chinese.
He is Chinese.
Two people walking outside in the woods in the winter time wearing jackets with hoods on them.
Two people are walking in the snowy woods behind their home.
A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.
A boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink sweater.
A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on.
A tall person in a shirt
A man wearing red ski pants, a black jacket, and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain.
The man is near another person.
A man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street.
A vendor is selling loaves of bread to pedestrians.
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers.
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers at night.
A man is laying down inside a black, non-working boat.
The man is asleep.
Three kids perform a skit about camping.
Three boys performed a skit.
The small child is sitting in a red playground swing.
A father and child playing together.
A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background.
A group of people are planning something.
A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background.
A group of people are kicking each other.
An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van.
The gray van had smashed the green sedan's bumper off.
Women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting.
Women are visiting.
A young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs.
A funny person standing.
Two men cooking, one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him.
Some men are hungry.
A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.
A couple on a date lay next to each other in a park.
A man pulling items on a cart.
A man is taking things that he bought at the store home.
Two girls are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs.
The snowballs are from fresh snow.
A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.
A guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surface while it's on the ground.
One man on the left with black hair, wearing glasses, and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair, without glasses but clasping his hands together, are laughing.
the people are a couple
A female in the middle of a vehicle is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat.
She is listening to music.
A man with a light blue t-shirt outside in the open wearing red ear protection while firing a gun.
A man is signaling the start of a race.
a man with beard sitting down playing an acoustic guitar.
The bearded man plays a song and sings along.
The man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something.
the guy kicked his hat
The young man is trying to balance on the train tracks.
A young man is trying to balance on the train tracks while riding his bicycle.
A man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside.
A man is working outside wearing no shirt because it's hot outside.
A little girl listens to a cellphone.
She is talking to her dad on her phone.
A woman in bridal wear embraces an individual.
The newly married couple kiss.
Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window.
Two men are on stilts while a woman dances between them in the parade.
Two men on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon, lead a festive parade along the streets, while a woman looks on from her window.
Three people are on a parade float.
Four men in safety gear, one holding a camera, are standing on a platform.
There has been an accident
A small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor.
The child is wearing a helmet because it is going on a bike ride with its mother soon.
two teen boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage bag.
Two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage bag.
A person in an orange shirt reaching up.
A person is reaching up to grab something.
A young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl.
The couple are hispanic.
A woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals.
A lady in a dress is trying to sell her yarn animals.
Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together.
Some people are walking on the beach collecting sea shells.
A large crowd is standing around the start line.
People are getting ready to run
A man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city.
A man is not happy about having to clean the roof.
An Asian woman dressed in a colorful outfit laughing.
The woman is laughing at a joke.
two people riding their bikes down a street together.
A couple ride their bikes on a date.
Two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street.
People on a double date in the city.
A man in a army uniform is holding a picture with trees in it.
The military veteran had entered an art contest and won first place!
A red Planet Hollywood bus carries many people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball cap, one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera.
The bus is going to celebrity houses.
A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle.
a boy rides his bike
Families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel.
Some families have babies.
A youth skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword.
A youth skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised.
Runners in various athletic garb, as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragon costume, run to the right.
Runners see something
A woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper.
a woman is cleaning for her husban
A man in a winter jacket and knit cap stand with his arms up at his side in a snow landscape.
A man is about to throw a snowball at someone.
A family is taking part in a walk-a-thon.
The family is taking place in the event in memory of another family member.
Black dog running very fast.
A dog is chasing a duck.
A group of people is sitting at a large table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper.
The people are making a welcome home sign.
a male teen is working on a school project.
A 16 year old doing homework.
A boy works on a project in shop class.
The project is a large percentage over his overall grade in the class.
Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers.
The customers are entertained while watching the chefs make the food.
A bald, black man wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a sizable rock into art.
A black man with no hair is wearing his safety glasses around his neck.
Three men are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with refuse carts in front of them.
Inmates are cleaning up a beach.
A brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass.
Two dogs chase each other in the afternoon sun.
A man in a blue plaid shirt with black pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand.
a man holds a comb on a box
A group of children sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the group.
They are playing a game.
A small dog watches two big dogs playing rough in a field.
One dog is timid to participate.
Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic.
The people are family.
A group of African Americans getting ready to eat.
A few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand.
A group of African Americans getting ready to eat.
A few people are eating burgers and fries at a birthday party.
Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.
They are at the park
Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.
They are all playing checkers
Two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring trees overhead.
Two people are following a path outside that their grandfather paved 100 years ago.
The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette.
A young man drinking a beer
The young man is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette.
A young man smoking a cigar
Cheerleaders standing on a football field.
Cheerleaders are practicing their routines.
Coach talks with football player, other players and crowd in background.
A football coach is instructing a player on the sidelines
A man with a beer in his hand listens to a woman talk.
He is drinking to fall asleep.
a young woman siting on a park bench in the sun.
The young woman is enjoying the sun
A woman carrying a large package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese posters advertising a concert.
A Brazilian woman carries groceries home.
A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a sporting event.
A cheerleader passes out team shirts
Crowd cheerleaders dressed in red, white, and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people.
Cheerleaders pass out new t shirts to the opposing team
A brown dog races through a field.
A brown dog is racing another dog.
A dog running in long grass, a housing development behind it.
A dog is running back home.
A Vietnamese woman wearing a gray top carries large clear bags of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder.
A tall person carrying stuff
Two girls feeding a horse an apple.
Two girls are getting ready to ride horses.
A man playing cricket
an indian man plays cricket
A man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting.
The man is sweating from his run.
A basketball player in a red uniform is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team.
The player is one of the best in the league.
One man, shirtless, and a woman, clothed, jumping in the water.
A husband and wife are being spontaneous by jumping in a freezing river.
A small, pale bird bends down to examine a crumb.
The bird is having trouble flying.
A person walks outside carrying a bag, while a young girl in pink walks behind her.
A woman carrying a bag, with a girl behind her
A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill.
A young boy is grilling steak.
A man is making a phone call.
A man is calling his wife.
A woman is taking a picture of a man.
The wife is taking a photo of her husband.
A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field.
The man is hiding from his friend.
A lady, dressed in a costume, is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods.
A lady is posing as a woodsman for a photoshoot.
Two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains.
Some people go on an adventure.
A woman lowering ballast on a boat.
The captain of the boat is preparing for rough waters.
Two hikers are backpacking up a snow slope.
Two people are cold hiking with their backpacks up a snowy slope.
Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain.
Two mountaineers in a race across a mountain.
A dark-skinned person, crouched while painting a sign.
A black man is painting a protest sign.
A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall.
A man poses for a picture.
Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left.
The man and woman are married.
Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a business suit reading a paper and smoking a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left.
The woman is a secret agent on mission to murder the man.
A young man is playing a blue guitar.
A musician practices on his guitar briefly before a concert.
A man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.
A man is practicing for a horse race.
People waiting in line in a snowstorm.
People are waiting in line for food to get through the snowstorm with
Children nap on a floor while others stand by.
Children are napping on a floor inside a pre school.
A woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray.
A woman is carrying a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches.
A girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background.
The girl plays soccer with some friends.
A black dog is running through a marsh-like area.
A dog is chasing a dragonfly through the marsh.
Two men are boxing in fighting arena.
Two men are punching eachother.
A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike.
A guy looks upon a collision between two Hondas and a Schwinn.
A man tests model airplanes in an open field.
A man is standing and testing model airplanes.
Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.
Three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal in front of a crowd at a soccer stadium.
Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.
Three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal at a soccer game outside.
A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.
The boy and his dad walk along the edge of the pond.
A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond.
The man and his son stand at the edge of a pond.
A young woman dressed in black attaches bags full of flowers to a bicycle.
The flowers are lilacs.
Two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall.
Two men are late for work.
Two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall.
Some mechanics at work.
A group of adults standing up with children in sports attire kneeling on the ground.
The coaches give the team last minute directions.
A man in a black shirt is about to cross the road while on his cellphone, another man is laying on the ground while a lady in the background watches.
There is a busy intersection with a homeless man on the ground.
A man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street.
A man calls 911 after another man is hit by a car.
A girl in black pants doing exercises.
A girl trying to get fit for a bodybuilding competition.
Family gathered together in a house enjoying each other company.
A family is sitting together inside a house.
The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide open.
a little boy is riding a roller-coaster
A man in a blue t-shirt is taking a picture while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him.
A man is taking a picture in the rain.
Two men stand near a piece of large machinery.
The men are operating a machine
Two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic.
Two friends help each other by cutting some plastic.
A female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke.
A woman is practicing her swimming technique.
Two girls aboard an amusement park ride.
The two girls are nervous about riding the park ride.
A woman in a long, dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter.
A woman older than thirty is outside in winter.
A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush.
The woman is photographing a wedding.
A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush.
The woman is a professional photographer.
Two boys in running clothes stretching.
The boys are stretching before doing gymnastics.
Three women sit at a table, taking notes from three identical magazines.
Three college women are studing.
a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot.
A soccer player is walking to his car.
A bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine.
The man is homeless.
A bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine.
The man is watching t.v.
Three children, two boys and a girl, are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background.
The three children are related to each other.
A rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head.
A rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the microphone.
Expert snowboard is trying a new trick.
The person is snowboarding on top of a mountain.
A skateboarder does a trick in midair.
A skateboarder doing a kick flip midair.
Young person in black next to an older person in black and white polka dot.
A young person is standing next to a relative.
Two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal.
Girls are displaying their animal drawings in a local kid's drawing competition.
Two women are reading, one woman has a magazine with a Dior ad on the back of it, while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book.
Two women are in the library reading.
Several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit.
A young girl is having fun.
Blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet, a black t-shirt that reads "Twizzlers" and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck.
a girl looks stylish for the camera
Firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.
Tall firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on.
This man dressed in white pants and blue shirt, is standing on a ledge in the snow.
A man is getting ready to shovel the snow so he can park his car.
A crowd watching a skateboarder.
A crowd is loudly cheering as the skateboarder does a 900
A man holding a briefcase on a subway.
A man is going to work on a subway.
A young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree.
A young bicycle rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun.
A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.
A girl might fall off a tree.
A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.
A girl doesn't like balancing on a tree.
A young girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lying over water.
A girl is playing on a tree.
The boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa.
The boy is bouncing on the sofa
Two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods.
Some children in the forest pass by a plastic triceratops.
Two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods.
Children are being chased by a velociraptor.
A drummer wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a purple had bangs his drum.
A drummer practicing for a concert.
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.
The team wearing white is winning the game.
Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths.
Two twin pups holding onto the same bone.
Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths.
Two litter brothers fight over a bone.
Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table.
The boys are working on an art project.
A man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera.
A man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera as he poses with others
Man jumping over a rusty fence on a blue bicycle.
Man jumping over the fence on his bicycle trying to escape from the dog.
Two girls playing catch on a lawn
Sisters are tossing a frisbee back and forth in the park.
A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog.
A woman walking her dog before leaving to work
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
The people are falling down a lot.
A woman plays guitar for tips.
lessons are there to learn
a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street
A mother and child walking up a street
Security officer working outside.
A security officer is dressed in a uniform.
The cyclist rides on a wooded path.
The cyclist rides quickly alone on a wooded path
The cyclist rides on a wooded path.
The cyclist rides alone on a wooded path
The cyclist rides on a wooded path.
The cyclist rides with a companion on a wooded path
African woman walking through field.
The african woman is looking for someone in the fields.
An African person standing in a wheat field.
A person standing in a wheat field of his boss.
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake
A wet golden retriever is walking through a lake to find a ball.
Many people sit, some stand outside of a large brick building.
people are protesting outside of an abortion clinic
A man wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras.
The man likes taking pictures.
Two women walking near some trees in warm, dark-colored garments, one with a hat, one with an upraised collar.
two women walk to work
A barefoot man in an orange shirt, shorts, and a baseball cap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck.
A man's car broke down.
A man walks by a building at night.
A man is in the city.
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.
A person was thinking about jumping off a rock cliff.
A man, boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards.
A man has his boy and his dog out enjoying time spent together while shopping.
Here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face.
The man doesn't want to be seen.
Here is a picture of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hiding his face.
The man is going somewhere.
A man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations.
A man dumping items from a bin to another bin to throw it in dry place.
Two children work together on a project at a table.
Two kids are making a model.
A man wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices.
A worker pulls up his long boots before climbing onto the flotation device.
A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market.
A person is slicing up a fish to sell.
A man with an afro and bandanna playing electric guitar.
the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom
A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder.
The photographer is well dressed and carries a camera.
A young ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is talking pictures.
A group of hikers pause for a break.
A bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a pole.
A bird is wallowing on a pole.
A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress.
they are at a wedding
a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a car.
A boy is homeless
Two boys in front of a soda machine.
Two boys are going to purchase sodas.
A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water.
People sit on a beach to tan.
A group of people examine a boat with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water.
People sit on a beach.
Man walking a small pug.
The man is a mailman.
Three people sitting on a table, one woman is speaking, and people are listening to them.
There are three women sitting on a table.
A child hugs a birdhouse.
An insane child hugs a birdhouse.
The young lady is giving the old man a hug.
The young sad lady is giving the old man a hug.
Three people posing for a camera
There are people making different poses.
Three people posing for a camera
The three people are all female.
Three people posing for a camera
Three woman are shopping at the mall.
An Asian woman dressed in a black blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella.
A tall person in a blouse
Man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar.
A man is at a concert playing for a large crowd.
A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another.
A couple celebrates getting engaged.
A man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street.
A man and woman just got engaged
A little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting.
A boy has a light yellow balloon.
A female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table.
A woman has heard a joke.
Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.
walkers under a blue sky near the beach
A young african boy skipping rocks.
There is a rock currently skipping down a pond.
A dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore
The dog loves to be here.
A man wearing a blue lab coat, safety glasses, and gloves is working at a small machine with a large computer screen.
The man is doing science.
While two students are jumping, others in a classroom are sitting or standing.
Two students disrupting class.
A photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag.
The woman in the two paneled photo is the other woman's relative
A woman runs on the beach.
A runner is working out on the sand.
Businessman walking as two arrows point to him.
A man is walking near an archery range.
A woman with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog.
There is a black dog outside.
A woman in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw.
A woman prepares to shoot a free throw at the Staples Center.
Man playing a game with a young girl.
The man and the young girl are having fun.
Man playing a game with a young girl.
The man and young girl are playing hide and seek.
Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban area.
A man and a woman are playing together.
Two people playing badminton.
A man and a woman playing badminton.
An old man holds up a sign.
A man is working.
Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill.
People carrying their bikes at night.
A cart of large water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street.
The cart of water is for children.
Several men in black t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that's lying on a round table with a hole in the center.
men dont like their lunch
A helmeted male airborne on a bike on a dirt road.
The man doing a trick in the air.
People are riding their bikes down a road.
People are having fun.
A man walks past an arch in an old gothic style building.
The man admires the craftsmanship
A man walks past an arch in an old gothic style building.
The arch is old
Two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say Polotie.
Two women are dancing in the street wearing dresses.
Two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say Polotie.
Two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as police.
There are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field.
The kids are playing soccer in the field with their dog.
A gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising Ironman.
An older man rides a bike in front of a bus with a movie poster on it.
A gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising Ironman.
An older man rides his bike and is almost hit by a bus because he is looking at the Ironman poster.
Two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing.
the women are looking at a bouquet of flower
Two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing.
the women are hot
A man juggles a flaming staff in the dark.
A man in a circus with flaming staff.
A man in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs.
The man enjoys dogs.
A player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposing team watches the ball go in.
A soccer player scored a goal in an iternational championship game.
A man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums.
a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums during a concert
A woman wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of different foods while holding a drink.
A woman is enjoying a beer.
An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in different foods.
The lady is holding a porcelain cup.
A woman taping a paper notice to a board.
A woman taping a job notice on a bulletin board.
A man sits on his throne behind the drums.
A king sits behind some drums.
A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore.
A boy is choosing a birthday gift for himself at the store.
A mother holds her newborn baby.
An Asian mother holding her baby girl.
A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road.
A child is chasing a car.
A woman in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe's with a cart full of groceries.
a wife taking groceries home to her family
A woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe's.
A woman is leaving Trader Joe's with a full shopping cart of things she just stole.
A rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building.
A rescue worker searches for survivors.
A fireman searching for something using a flashlight.
A man is searching for survivors.
A fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspects some debris with a flashlight.
A fireman with an axe stands in a burning house.
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.
A man in a police uniform is talking to another man.
There is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling.
The man has no arms.
There is a man poking a long stick up towards the ceiling.
The man is killing a spider.
A man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors.
The man is being served food under an umbrella.
Young children waving American flags for a soldier
Children are welcoming home soldiers
A man in a helmet and protective gear driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road.
A man driving a go kart, numbered 65, on a narrow paved road in the snow.
A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man's shoulders and holding his head.
Th small child is watching a performance.
Four youth and an elder man and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of man's swim trunks.
Grandparents watch their grandkids play in the water.
A young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball.
A child is standing on one foot.
A young man standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball.
A person in a black shirt is standing on one foot.
A zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dancing outdoors, with a guitarist behind her.
A woman is dancing to a mans guitar playing.
Several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and SpongeBob in front of her.
One of the cartoon character is upset.
Several cartoon characters are behind a young girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and SpongeBob in front of her.
There's a gathering of cartoon characters.
People waiting to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk.
People are crossing the street during a parade.
Little girl blows bubbles in a public square.
A little girl is waiting for her parents.
The young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard.
Someone is sitting outside waiting for a friend to arrive.
The young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard.
A guy is relaxing outside.
Group of young adults posing for picture near spanish-language sign.
The people are tourists.
two shirtless men jumping over a street rail, probably practicing new dance moves.
Two naked men are practicing dance moves on the street.
A boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real cars.
an abadnoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alley.
The small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat.
The small child is dressed in a parka.
A little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
A dog runs toward his owner with a stick in his mouth.
A young white man in running gear is jogging by the water.
A man runs along a path.
A young girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool
The girl is jumping to her father in the pool.
A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard.
A boy is jumping his skateboard while his friends watch.
A group of people sitting around a small round table eating.
The people are enjoying a meal.
A group of people sitting around a small round table eating.
The group is discussing the next project for work.
A woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground.
A woman is trying to get her dog to go to the bathroom after it has freshly snowed.
This woman is skiing down a snowy hill.
This woman is skiing down a hill in a tournament.
A lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her.
A mother is waiting for the bus with her kids.
A teenager blows a whistle and wears white face paint, earmuffs, and a yellow hat while another teen watches.
A tall person in face paint
A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the "Cyclone."
A group from the local 4-H club enjoy a day at the local amusement part as part of their year-end celebration.
A stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path.
This man is an athlete.
A stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols, a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path.
The man is going to turn left at the green arrow.
A woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping.
The vest is nice and warm.
A boy making an "oh!" face in front of a bay.
A child is surprised by the ships.
Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat.
The group is going to buy something
Two children are sitting on a white blanket, while the other child is sitting in the dirt.
Two children are having fun together
The red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees.
A red motocross bike is being taken over a jump by a rider, while performing a trick.
A crowd of people fill the street in front of a McDonald's.
The people are hungry.
A child dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a small boy walk nearby.
a child enjoys summer vacation
A young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling.
the man is an agent
A guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside.
The man has performed this trick before.
This person looks to be snowboarding on a very small pile of snow on a sunny cold day.
Ski season has now begun
A person, in a striped blue shirt and pants, is running along.
The person is old
A man looks intent while sculpting a gargoyle.
The man is trying to add color to his sculpture.
A man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other.
A couple are preparing to be intimate.
A man performing auto repair in front of a building.
The man is a mechanic.
People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them.
People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them hope to return to camp before sundown.
A man holding a yellow surfboard facing the ocean.
A man is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach.
A water scene with a sunset in the background.
There is a young couple at the water scene.
The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air.
A man is showing off for his friends.
A wakeboarder.
A person rides on a wakeboard along the beach.
A blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kiss a man wearing a white shirt.
A man and woman are on a date.
Two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale.
A man sells fish from a stall in the fish market.
A young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach.
A teen is practicing his skateboard skills.
an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court.
man coaches players
Four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground.
Tall humans in orange
A woman in a fur lined plaid purple jacket stands by a table full of eating children.
The woman is watching the children eat their lunch.
The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away.
The pitcher just struck out the opposing player at bat.
The blond young man who had been splattered with paint colors of blue, orange, and green held up his camera to take a picture.
A man covered in paint after a paintball fight takes a photo.
A man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder.
A man wearing only a hat, boots, and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night
Two young girls with long brunette hair, standing in front of a stone wall playing a game.
Two girls playing hopscotch.
Group of Asians recording some video.
A group of Asians record multiple videos.
A brunette woman holding a little girl dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community.
A woman holds her daughter.
Four people and a dog out in the woods.
Some mammals want to live and the others don't want them to.
A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods.
A little girl in a pink shirt is ready to run in the woods.
A man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street.
A homeless man strolls through the street.
A man and a child painting a post.
The father and son are repairing the sign.
White dog high jumping over some pillows.
The dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat.
A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall.
the lady is shpping
A man, with a full face mask, sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar.
The man's mask is a clown face
In front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back.
Some people perform at a concert.
a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee
The dog is outside.
A woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign.
A woman is giving a speech about her beliefs while playing the drums.
A couple walking their dog.
A couple is walking their dog to the park.
A small child with a backpack walks down a narrow road next to a painted wall.
A small child is coming home from school
a lady looks surprised.
The woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily.
a lady looks surprised.
A woman looks surprised because someone just dropped to one knee and proposed!
man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building.
The man didn't know if he was a construction worker or carpenter.
man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building.
The carpenter was almost finished.
Two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room.
Two men with matching baseball team shirts are folding a towel.
Two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.
Some men wearing red winter jackets are looking over a lake and listening to music.
Two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears.
The man listening to music is listening to Kanye West.
A person standing next to an old dark building.
A man standing next to a run down building.
Two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces.
Two men are mud wrestling.
Two men are wearing caps are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces.
Two men are surprised by the skunk near them.
A child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park.
Children enjoy the last few moments in a park before a rainstorm.
A person stands between two giant statues that look like faces.
An old man is standing between two giant statues that look like Tom Hank's and Will Smith's faces.
Two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.
two white girls running
Two young teenage girls hiking through the snow on a cold winter day.
Two girls with blonde hair are hiking.
A performance group is staged in one collective motion.
The performance group is dancing.
Two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other.
children pranking each other
A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling.
A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling.
A young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game, while two players on the opposing team challenge.
The teams hate eachother.
Man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean.
He is at the beach.
Man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean.
It is sunny.
Two men scrimmage in soccer, as a referee looks on.
the ref is watching the two men play soccer before he goes home
At an outdoor event on a large table, several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food, with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground.
Workers preparing for a chili cook-off.
A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by.
A man is sitting on the sidewalk, waiting for his girlfriend to show up.
A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by.
A man is outside.
A group of three people are digging a large trench in a yard while another person walks close by.
There is treasure in the trench.
a breakdancer man is performing for the kids at school
A man is performing for children for fun
A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display.
A woman has been shopping.
A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display.
A woman walks through a store talking on her phone.
A child doing gymnastics
A child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd.
A young girl is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone.
A little girl belts one out while playing the violin.
A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round.
The boy is wearing black.
This woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market.
A woman selling vegetables for extra cash.
A couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette.
The other likes to smoke as well.
A surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water.
This is his first wave of the day.
A surfer on a wave.
A surfer competing at a competition.
A man in glasses in a basement.
The man is searching for something in the basement.
A young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background.
A man is jumping over rocks in order to escape being attacked by a wild boar.
A young man wearing khaki pants and a checked shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background.
A man is jumping over some rocks in order to increase his physical stamina.
A woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street.
An employee keeps a storefront looking tidy
A young girl running on grass
The young girl runs to join her classmates at the end of the recess period.
A balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display.
A man admires a display that he likes.
pedestrian walking on the street
A person crossing a busy street intersection.
One man watches while another breakdances, balancing himself for a moment on one hand.
A man practices for the 80s party.
People ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window.
These people are hungry.
A soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move.
People are playing soccer in the rain.
Several men helping each other pull in a fishing net.
There is a group of men.
The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.
The collie is at a beach.
a dog jumps over the pole.
Dog is participating in a competition, showing his agility training.
baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat
A baseball player hit a homerun.
A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves.
A child sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves
A male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone.
A guy is performing at a recital.
A man with medium length curly hair, wearing a button down shirt and bracelets, sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar.
A tall person with hair
A man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background.
The man and woman are looking for help after being snowed in by a blizzard.
A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage.
The band is playing punk rock music.
Two men in costumes with fake carrot noses, top hats, sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrical lights.
Tall people in costumes
Three men drink at a reflective bar.
Three men are socializing during happy hour.
Three men drink at a reflective bar.
Men are drinking alcohol at a bar.
Two men are dressed up as snowmen.
two young men are dressed up
Person fishing in river.
They have a fishing pole
A man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something.
Two men are headed to baseball practice
A group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water.
A group poses on vacation at the ocean.
A big dog catches a ball on his nose
A dog is playing with his owner
A big dog catches a ball on his nose
A big dog is sitting down while trying to catch a ball
Two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar.
The man is a Catholic priest.
A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water.
A black lab waits for its owner to throw a ball into the water.
a teenager laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor
The teen has a messy pink bedroom.
a young boy in green playing ping-pong with a older man in blue in a gymnasium
The man is teaching the boy to play.
Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.
Sad Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute.
A performer plays an instrument for the audience.
The performer is making music.
A performer plays an instrument for the audience.
The performer has a flute.
Two people in coats kiss on the side of a road.
A recently engaged couple embrace on the street.
A person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snow.
A girl rides a snowboard.
A light technician man with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony.
A person is working at a theatre.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
A girl is bouncing alongside with another girl.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
A girl is bouncing around at a friend birthday party.
A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand
A woman stands while smiling with wood that was just handed to her.
A young boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera.
The young boy is hispanic.
Two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items.
A group of coworkers are eating lunch together.
A football layer wearing a red shirt.
A built man wearing a tshirt.
Six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field.
Friends are waiting together.
A young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head.
A young African child carrying a bag on his had while working for his father in a local village.
The festivities of the Latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic, colorful, performers to the city.
Many visitors have fun at the Latin celebration.
A small girl with braids blowing bubbles.
A young girl enjoys her day outside.
A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photographer while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe.
Bride and groom get marriage pictures taken while their kids look on.
Man sitting playing guitar.
A man is sitting by a campfire, playing guitar and singing.
A woman wearing dollar sign glasses, holding a dollar bill, stands with a suitcase that says "Lucky" that is overflowing with cash.
She is dressed up for a commercial shoot
A man speaking with two women.
A man is giving two women directions at work.
An older woman is holding a small child.
a woman holding her grandchild
A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest.
A male performer is showcasting his snake for tips.
A child wearing a brown coat, red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the corner of a street intersection.
A little boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snow pile.
A small group of people wait to board an MTA bus.
A small group of people wait to board a bus on a city street.
A woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean.
She talks to her boyfriend about plans that night
A young male sitting in front of a computer monitor
Someone is doing their homework.
Two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside a house, trees in background, both with white hair, the taller man having his arm about the other man's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses.
The older men are colleagues.
A tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city
they are posing
A man with a cigarette sits on the stoop.
A man rolls a cigarette and lights it.
A man with a cigarette sits on the stoop.
An old man is smoking a cigar.
An elderly man with glasses, a red ball cap and backpack is standing in front of an open doorway.
the man is a farmer
A large group of people populate a dimly lit room.
A group of people are partying in the large room.
A young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street.
A man broke his new bike.
A man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby.
A man prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills
A man is tossing a knife in the air while another man stands nearby.
A man prepares to throw a knife at his friend
A woman examines a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent lights.
A woman is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall.
A man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth.
The man was about to record his music album.
A photographer is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset.
The photographer is a professional.
Child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play.
A child is chasing pigeons around.
a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste.
A professional skier skis down a mountain.
A person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV, parked in front of a view of the ocean and mountains.
The person is about to go hiking.
A shirtless man with red paint on his torso holding a stick.
A rabid sports fan cheers for his team.
A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds.
The boy is moving very fast.
A young boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench.
The man performing is famous.
A woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road.
A lady is walking down a forest
A woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long empty tree-lined road.
A woman is running with a stroller down a lot
A man is repairing roof shingles.
A guy is fixing the roof and falls off.
Two girls pose along a tree-lined path and blow kisses towards the camera.
Two girls are doing the same pose.
Two racers race on motorcycles.
Two people are racing in a tournament.
Three men dancing as a group of people watch.
three men are a dancer
Three men dancing as a group of people watch.
three men dancing as a stage
A child is thrown by a man in the swimming pool.
A man was teaching his boy to swim.
A young girl with her bike.
The little girl is going to ride her bike.
A young girl with her bike.
A girl is wiating for someone to take her bicycle.
Two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character Wall-E.
Two girls cosplay at a convention.
Two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character Wall-E.
A few girls cosplay at a local event.
Two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character Wall-E.
Two girls attend a convention.
An Asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger Asian boy sitting near buy, while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks.
A mother is making food for her family.
A little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch.
The boy wants to be a professional guitar player when he grows up
two white dogs fighting with each other
The two dogs hate each other.
Five young blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading books together.
Five girls taking turns reading aloud for a school assignment
There is a person walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.
There is a man walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about.
2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it.
2 people are talking
A man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm.
The man is practicing how to surf.
On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids.
Young boys running their plays at home before Saturdays big peewee game.
On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids.
Timmy hikes the ball as Joe calls the plays
A woman is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open.
A woman about to sing a song on stage
Two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard.
Two girls are playing a game on the trampoline.
A girl is blowing a huge bubble.
A girl is playing.
A female camera operator is capturing some off-camera activity.
A lady is spying on somebody else
A man in a light brownish jacket, orange undershirt, blue jeans, and a black satchel, who has many sticks of cotton candy.
A man at a fair is selling cotton candy to little children.
Two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball.
Two professional athletes playing basketball.
A canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe.
A canoe has come untied from the dock and is drifting.
A young boy is hugging a wooden post.
A boy holds onto a post during a wind storm.
4 children and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees.
A family visits the zoo.
A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bike in a city.
A kid riding his bike home.
a little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.
the boy is having fun.
Two cars are being driven in a car race.
A Bugatti and a Lambourgini compete in a road race.
Bicycles are littering the road as boy pull door.
A boy tries to open the door to his apartment near where other apartment dwellers park their bicycles.
An engineer with a blue jacket and cap wears purple gloves while looking up.
The engineer heard a noise.
A curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table.
A man gets into an argument after his waiter makes a mistake on his order.
Three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning, smoking and having a break.
Some guys are taking a rest from working.
A father is teaching his son how to ride a bicycle.
The boy is improving quickly.
Two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.
The men are laughing about the us losing the cold war.
A bear-chested jungle native, with long hair, wearing a cloth bottom garment, is dangling in the air from a chute.
A tall person with hair
Two adults hold either side of a boat at the edge of the water.
Two people are in the ocean.
A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.
The child went swimming.
A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.
The child is at the beach.
Girl in black pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the same.
A girl is jumping for a charity.
A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.
A girl is critiquing her friend's dance moves.
Women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall.
A tall person in a hat
A sign indicates "Dangerous Shorebreak" on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach.
A giant wave splashes the beach.
A five person Brass band is seated, semi-circularly, in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows.
The band plays jazz music.
A five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church.
The band plays a Sousa march to celebrate the holidays.
A man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop.
A man is putting a sign in the window to alert customers of an upcoming ice cream sale.
Two dogs are playing together.
Two mutts are chasing each other.
A middle-aged woman with red-hair, a white shirt, and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking.
She was calling her husband on her cellphone.
A man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it.
A man takes a smoke break from work.
A black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground.
The food vendor is selling hot dogs.
A man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine.
The man is old
A person sweeping stairs in a park.
A groundskeeper at a park
Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank.
The boats are racing.
Navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.
Some men are saluting their superior out of respect.
a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink.
A baby is getting a bath by his Father.
A man in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a large display in front of him announcing airline flights.
A man is trying to catch a flight home for Christmas.
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
Three friends standing on top of a ski mountain.
A school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged children who are all making the same sign.
the children are doing sign language.
A young woman stands by a barbecue.
The young woman is preparing the meat to cook on the barbecue.
A young couple holding hands in the park.
A man and woman are on a date.
Child is laughing and playing around.
The child is with his parents.
A man grilling a hamburger.
The man is wearing an apron.
A middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face.
the man is white
A young man appears bored in a restaurant.
A young sad man appears bored in a restaurant.
a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man.
The couple is displaying affection.
Child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their notebooks, one is standing up.
Children doing homework assignments while tutor monitors them.
A man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street.
A man hauling goods to sell.
A woman in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach.
A woman wearing a pink swimsuit.
A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff.
A man is climbing a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death.
A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow.
A brown dog is outside and it's snowing
A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area.
A dog is running in the field towards another dog.
Two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore.
Two women are having a picnic on the beach.
Young Asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble.
The young Asian has lost her home.
A girl dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background.
Her favorite candy is chocolate.
Team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way.
A person has a number on his shirt.
Team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way.
An ice hockey player waits to make his move.
A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A sad man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane.
A group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking.
A group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking for a birthday party.
Man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball cap watches.
He is yelling at his son.
A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue, pink, and yellow blanket.
The baby had dark hair.
A young boy swings a hula hoop while other children sit on the floor with their hoops.
The boy is 8
a young man pouring tea inside of a glass jar.
A man is getting ready to drink ice tea.
A girl climbing a chain link fence.
The girl climbs the fence to get to school.
Older men and women dancing in front of a stage, a man in a white hat twirling a woman in a red flower print skirt and white shirt.
People put on a show.
A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought.
Two people wonder how a Christmas tree got inside their house in the middle of July.
A young couple thinking about their Christmas decorations.
The couple has their Christmas tree out.
A group of people standing in a restaurant.
A group of people are eating tacos at a restaurant.
A group of people standing in a restaurant.
A party waits to be seated at a restaurant.
An olympian leaps over an obstacle.
A sprinter hurdles the barrier.
A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby.
A funny person floating
A man lying on the grass on a rugby field, holding a rugby ball.
A many sleeping with his rugby ball.
A woman is sitting in a chair, while a man is going through the sport utility vehicle.
a girl is sitting waiting to leave for vacation
a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
Skier showing off for photographer by doing a trick.
A woman carries a small, unhappy child in a busy street scene.
woman carrying child to the store
Multiple men fill the scene, one in a white button up shirt using his cellphone, the others wearing pink, orange, and green shirts engaged in various activities in the background.
Three of the men are talking on their phones.
A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street.
The woman is carrying a basket down the street in Nepal.
A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric.
Two dogs fighting over a toy in front of a crowd.
A young girl with blond-hair eating a peach.
A young girl eating a peach, while discussing the times of old with her friend.
The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face.
The guy is eating a sandwich while a lady wonders what's in the sandwich.
Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.
Several enemies talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties.
Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.
Several friends talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.
A dirty, shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk, holding his cup up to passerby asking for change.
A homeless man in torn jeans begs.
A person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall.
The man is clearing his driveway.
A man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him.
A man is giving a speech on personal finance.
A group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market.
The people are inspecting the vegetables.
A small dog looking up to his loving owner.
A dog is playing with his owner.
A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair.
The dog is sitting.
A woman in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and several boats in the background.
A woman in red is out camping near water.
The African American man protests against unlawful sex.
The man protests in something he doesn't believe in.
One young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm.
A tall person in a uniform
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
The dogs are in a meadow.
A woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket.
The woman is wearing jeans.
Two men sitting in a living room, one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts, contemplating on their bike and moped.
A man in traditional dress wants his friend to trade his moped for his bike.
Three men sitting in a room looking at their one motorbike and one pedal bike.
Men prepare to fix their damaged bikes.
Two boys running down a outer hallway of an apartment building, with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall.
Two boys are playing a game.
The man in the sailor suit is holding literature.
A man is sitting in his sailor suit.
A man in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two women.
women comment on mans looks
A man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands.
A man is working for a circus.
A man balances a unicycle using his face and both hands.
A man is using his hands.
An oriental woman in glasses, shooting archery.
The woman is American.
A man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman.
A man offers a woman a beer.
Group of people standing on a snow covered ground, some are holding brooms, there is a dog with the group.
Group of people standing on a snow covered ground after a blizzard ready to sweep off the buried cars while a dog is nearby.
A kid bored in a train with brown hair and his head lying down.
A child is riding the train from New York to Boston.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
A person is taking a break from walking
A woman finishing a marathon race.
The woman is in first place.
Two men shining peoples shoes.
Two men shining shoes in the plaza.
A man examines a bike during a yard sale.
The man wants to buy a bike
A young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, "Sara's Old Fashioned Ice Cream."
The young man is getting ice cream.
A man in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an old fashioned ice cream shop named Sara's Old Fashioned Ice Cream, holding his bike up, with a wood like table, chairs, benches in front of him.
A man is riding his bike
Two men work outside polishing shoes.
Some men are polishing the shoes of business men.
A girl making a snow angel, wearing a black hat and glasses.
A girl is on a snowy mountain.
An elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall.
The old lovers showing black and white photographs of them in their youth.
A shirtless man rock climbs.
A man is doing his hobby
A dog plays with a stuffed animal.
The animal is indoors.
A dog plays with a stuffed animal.
The dog is enjoying himself.
A dog plays with a stuffed animal.
The dog is chewing on his toy.
A skateboarder sails over white steps.
The skater was elated.
Two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street.
2 male humans are working construction.
A man looks back while laughing and walking.
A man walks and hears a funny joke and starts to laugh.
A happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated.
A woman stands by a business.
A woman in a dress is singing and having a good time.
A woman is singing karaoke.
A dog is walking down steps.
A large dog is walking down the front steps.
Women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep.
the man and women are married and she is showing off his arms
A large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches.
People throw things at the display
A large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches.
People stand in front of the new display
A man talks to two guards as he holds a drink.
The prisoner is talking to two guards in the prison cafeteria.
A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross.
A blue tram goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see.
A woman and a baby are watching a boy play.
the woman is his mother
A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench.
A woman reading a book while she sits on a bench waiting for the bus.
It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse.
The sad clown fell off the horse at the State Fair rodeo.
A man in a business suit screaming at the camera.
A business man is giving a heated interview for the local news.
A group of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch.
The Chinese people on the porch are family members.
A child making a sand castle on the beach.
A child uses their imagination.
Two dirt bikers- one in black and red, sporting number 64, the other in blue and white displaying a red "21"- round the corner of a tree-lined track.
The two bikers, both friends and competitors, round the final curve of the final race of the season.
Two girls (one dressed in blue, and one dressed in pink) are racing one another on rollerskates.
The winner gets a free soda.
A young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street.
A woman is on her way home.
A man with a large mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that faces him.
A man is getting his face shaved for his party.
Woman wearing green pants, blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder.
The friends retire home after going to the farmer's market
Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty.
Two women in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour before the football game.
A road crew is working on a road with equipment around them.
A road crew in orange vests are working on a road with equipment around them.
A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them.
The couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop.
Two men in black jackets behind a white handrail.
The two men are friends
an elderly woman walking down the street.
An elderly woman is walking to her doctors appointment.
An old woman walking down the street.
A woman on her way to church.
A man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant.
The person is a gay Republican.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
The dogs are adopted.
A man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture.
The man is stealing a sculpture
This child is getting a pedicure.
Child getting pedicure with mother.
A black-haired woman with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman.
A tall person with hair
Instructor on Basket weaving at fair
A basket weaver teaching a class at the fair.
Two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area.
The coworkers are discussing a work related paper in their shop.
Two men, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop area.
The men are discussing their blueprints.
A person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair.
A man sits in a chair on a dating show.
A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse.
Young men are talking abuot love
A small girl is swinging.
a young lady plays outside
A group of men playing rugby on the sand.
A rugby team plays a match at the beach.
A bundled up toddler is walking over snow.
A toddler is very cold.
A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd.
A dancer about to breath fire out before the crowd.
A topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue car.
A man is heading out to the beach for a day of surfing.
A woman is using a small scissors on a large net.
A woman is using small scissors on a basketball net.
A child bowling at the bowling alley.
A girl is bowling against her daddy.
A group of people celebrating in the street.
People are celebrating their friend's birthday
Three young men in a kitchen standing around a stove, one of them is stirring something in a pot.
The men are cooking dinner.
Two women wearing red are smiling at the camera.
Posing for a picture the woman wore the same red smock
A long jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition.
A long jumper tries to beat the person before him, but he hasn't performed well recently.
A man and woman look through CD's at a street vendor.
A man and women taking a break
Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel.
Many people are searching for an oasis in the desert.
Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background, by a man walking and holding the tether of the lead camel.
Many people are being led through the desert on the backs on camels.
A little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower.
THe girl is cute
This person is walking down the street and talking on their cellphone on a windy day.
The person on the phone is complaining about how windy it is outside.
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain.
They are all smiling.
Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool.
A child at a birthday party, plays with other children, laughing and screaming.
Naked children play on the muddy riverbank.
THE NUDE KIDS PLAYED ON THE RIVERBANK  IN THE MUD JUST TO HAVE A MUD BATH
A female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash.
There is a woman swimming.
A female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool, making a splash.
The synchronized swimmer is performing at the Olympics.
A silhouette of a man fishing.
A man took a fishing trip.
A man hammering nails on a shed.
The man is making repairs.
A man hammering nails on a shed.
The man is a handyman.
Two casually-dressed men, one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap, make their way through a crowd.
The cap is a Yankee cap.
Asian class posing for picture with Stormtrooper
The class is holding hands.
A police officer standing next his police motorbike holding a yellow safety jacket.
A motorcycle officer getting ready for patrol.
Two young girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water.
Two young girls in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their family.
A man wearing a business suit holds up a drink as the other laughs.
some men drinking at the bar together
Clowning around in the bathroom, toothpaste makeup!
fooling around in the bathroom getting ready for school
A woman tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers.
An elderly woman is taking a nap.
A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam.
A women about to make hot water turn into snow by throwing the hot water in the air.
You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly string sprayed everywhere
The sidewalk is in New York.
A man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench.
the guy is on the bench waiting for his wife
A man siting on a bench with a briefcase.
The man is waiting for the bus to take him to the airport.
Person in yellow T-shirt is sleeping.
A person is sleeping on a park bench.
The blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her.
A girl is opening a Diet Coke while talking to her boyfriend.
Group of men standing in a meeting room, talking.
A group of men are discussing business.
A man and a young girl swimming.
a father and daughter swim together
A man in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his glasses fall off.
A long jumper's glasses fall off.
People checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city.
People are admiring the car
A man in a dark long rainproof jacket but dry hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained.
the man is forty
a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing.
A snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metal railing in a competition.
Two NHL hockey players prepare to fight over a puck during a face off.
The players start a fight to continue a previous disagreement.
Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.
The people are practicing at a wedding recital.
Man recording a video of a woman.
A woman is unknowing being recorded by a man.
Man recording a video of a woman.
A man is taking a woman on a date.
Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game.
A little boy is running through the sprinkler with his friends.
Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder.
The firefighters are trying to save a child.
A girl with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger.
A girl captures a butterfly for a science fair project
A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick, probably lamb.
A chef is cooking up a 6-course menu for his close friends.
Three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another.
There are people watching TV
Three young people are sitting in a room and talking to one another.
Three students are studying for a test
A gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completes her jump.
A gymnast is completing her jump in the finals.
A person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round, brick pillar.
The brown haired person is a stone mason working on a reconstruction project.
A man and a Woman cutting dough.
A husband and wife making pizza.
A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy, green leaves.
A young boy climbs an oak tree.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
A puppy has leapt into the air to grab a Frisbee.
A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband.
Newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church.
A man in a construction vest is looking at a vehicle.
A construction worker is looking outside.
Red capped male dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green boat located water in tall grassy bank.
A man wears a white Tommy Hilfiger shirt.
People trying to get warm.
People are outside on a chilly day.
A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain.
A yellow dog is chasing a bunny in the field.
A man and two kids standing in front of an ancient building.
A man is standing with his sons.
A man with two small boys making a purchase from a woman.
The man with the little boys is buying a gift from the woman's store.
Police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone.
A police officer is wearing a large helmet.
A small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing.
teen girl plays swing with his friend.
Three women are dancing among the bamboo.
A group of women on the dance floor decorated with bamboo.
A man wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture.
a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture of his friend
A sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone.
The man is an artist.
A man wearing black carving stone.
The man is very tall.
A little kid in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail.
A kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels down to the park.
A man on stage in the act of jumping, with a little boy in the background really enjoying it.
A boy happily watches an acrobat jumping on a stage.
A woman wearing a beige sweater and black pants talking to man wearing black pants and top
The man and woman are engaged.
A young woman in tight pants talks to a man in the street.
A teenager in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the middle of the road.
On a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride
A man is about to take a ride in a white canoe.
Two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant.
The restaurant is crowded
Two young women, one with blond-hair in a ponytail, are sitting in a booth next to some potted plants.
Two women are sitting near to green plants
A woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest.
The woman is naturally a red head.
Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground.
People are planting a vegetable garden
A man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with vehicles and buildings behind him.
A man has dragon tattoos on his arm.
A man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van.
a man standing in front of a van waiting for his victim
Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side.
A woman has her daughter in a stroller.
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses
They are sisters.
A boy and girl kissing in the sunset.
A boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach.
A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily.
A baby eating cake celebrating it's birthday.
A man playing a large stringed instrument on the street.
The man is performing for money.
A man playing a large stringed instrument on the street.
There is a man entertaining outdoors.
A woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background.
A woman is in a cooking competition
Two butchers are walking through their shop.
The owners of a very famous meat market are getting ready to open up shop.
A man in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public event.
The man speaking is the President of the United States.
A young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby.
A girl in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons.
Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses.
The horses are scrawny.
Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal.
The two teams are both wearing white sneakers.
People are coming down a movable staircase built through a tunnel, which has three of those staircases.
Workers are returning from inspection.
A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.
A young gymnast is performing.
A man wearing a black coat is walking.
A man walking home.
A group of children playing with props
The children are in a play.
A group of children playing with props
The children are playing with machine guns.
The squirrel sits straight up in the grass.
A squirrel sits in the grass on a rainy day.
A crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.
A fair is filled with crowds of adults and children.
A little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush.
A girl fakes a smile to brush her teeth.
An Asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand.
A tall person standing
A young boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence.
A kid in the middle of playing cops and robbers poses with his toy gun
A photographer and assistant take a photo of a man in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of large white columns and a yellow wall.
The photographer is taking a picture of an old man.
A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background.
A man in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up as spill.
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.
the dog is at the beach
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.
the dog likes to play catch.
Two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience.
Two female martial artists are teaching the audience how to kick for self-defense class.
A man in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a man in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on.
The man in the leather jacket is walking to his motorcycle.
A man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer
The photographer has angered that bike rider somehow.
A tour bus parked in a park.
The buss is stopping for some picture breaks for the tourists
A man is standing in the doorway of a building.
The man is walking into a room.
A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread house on it.
The dog is begging for a treat.
A woman wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of several paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet.
Woman takes a break at a museum while her children sit by her feet.
Construction workers on lifts working on a building.
Men are repairing the gutters on a house.
Three men, who appear to be Asian, are conversing near a carved wall, while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed.
A man is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench.
A white woman waiting in line.
There is a female waiting for a friend.
A little girl carries a younger girl on the sidewalk.
The girls are sister
A lady and a man in a hat watch baseball from the stands.
A woman and her husband are at a baseball game.
People are sitting at tables.
People are seated at tables at a wedding reception.
Scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness.
A group of scientists are examining a bald man while shaking their heads
Two men are looking through microscopes in a room.
There are biologists checking for tissue abnormalities.
A mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on.
A person starts to climb down the mountain before it gets too dark.
A woman in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground.
The woman in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good washing, as well as the filthy old truck.
A woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain.
women dislikes rain, but walks through it anyway
A bald man is getting out of a small blue car.
The man drives a blue car.
Woman adjusting her eyeglasses.
Woman adjusting her eyeglasses after reading.
A young boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball.
A boy is with a soccer ball.
A man and a woman are holding hands on the shore of a lake.
A couple on vacation.
A group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball.
The men just met today.
Man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow.
The man is at a farm.
A group stands and watches two men, apparently dressed in some sort of costume, wrestle on the ground.
the people are betting money on this match
Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway.
The workers are brothers.
A man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.
The man is using a grinder wearing red protective gear.
Two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher
A man on a stretcher after falling from the third floor.
Three children are playing on a swing in the garden.
Three children are playing on a blue swing set.
Three little kids on a swing set; one is upside down, one hanging from the top bar, and on a swing.
three kids play at recess
A man, with a blue wrapping around his foot, is about to kick another man, with a red cloth hanging from his belt, in the head.
a man is going to kick another man for stealing his watch
A child looks at a cactus garden.
A child in a red shirt is looking at a massive cactus garden in the desert.
A man with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person, laughing.
two people tell jokes
A man and a woman are showing their kid their little baby.
The kid loves his new sibling.
A crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow.
It is cold and snowy outside.
The three young children played with some toilet paper in the grass.
The three young children are throwing the toilet paper around.
Two males and one female playing in a fountain of water.
The men and woman are splashing each other in the fountain.
Two young children, one wearing a red striped shirt, are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt watches from behind.
A tall child in a shirt
A man wearing a hat and carrying a bag
A man is carrying a bag full of bread.
Men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain.
It's raining heavily on a group of men.
Three men are looking forward and laughing.
Three men are laughing at a joke
A woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street.
A woman is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching.
People standing at street corner in France.
A group of people wait to cross a Parisian street.
Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam
three kids are taking a batch
A person just about to stand up while water-skiing, while people in the background watch and take photos.
The person water-skiing is about to hit a big wave.
A couple is taking a break from bicycling.
a couple sit next to their bikes.
A couple is taking a break from bicycling.
two people park their bikes.
A man and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands.
A husband and wife look at their hands
A man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other.
The two friends are reunited after years apart
A man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other.
The very differently dressed men sit next to each other
A white dog is running on a rocky beach.
It is daytime.
Commuters wait for to cross a street.
They wait to cross Main Street.
A man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball.
A man is on a golf course.
Three people on bikes are coming over a ridge, while a man in orange watches.
People are in a bike race.
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on several bricks.
A man is trying to finish his sculpture for a church
Two babies, one in red, asleep in their highchairs.
twins are asleep
Three men are playing soccer, two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform.
An intense game of soccer at the World Cup.
The man is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers.
a man is digging for gold.
This is a clown at an elementary school.
The children at this school defintely all love clowns.
This is a clown at an elementary school.
The clown is there to entertain.
A woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women.
A woman is being fitted for the first time.
A woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women.
A woman got married.
A man is standing outside next to a garbage can.
A young black man stands beside an overfilled garbage can.
A young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural.
The young woman is wearing a helmet.
A man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees.
the dogs belong to the man
A little dark-haired girl runs on the beach.
The dark haired girl is running away from a wave.
Two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day.
Two men fish in a boat on a river on a sunny day.
A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court.
The basketball player is taking a foul shot.
A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.
Several young models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade.
A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful bag with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her.
Some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an awards building
Birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean.
Seagulls flying over the ocean.
Person parasailing with a board in the ocean.
This person is looking at other people.
People gathered around a table with food and wine on it.
The family is sitting at Thanksgiving dinner, preparing to dine together.
A man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball, while a catcher prepares to catch the ball.
A baseball game is going on in a park.
man dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly dressed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall.
Two clowns are performing at a mall.
A man is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background.
A man is trying to be closer to mature nature
A female softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch.
A tall person in a uniform
Little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train.
A boy is playing with his scale model train.
Two men walking in summer attire.
Two men are walking down the sidewalk.
A young man dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body.
The man competed in the swimming competition.
Cars and people are outside of "Hotel Carmel."
People get out of cars for the party at Hotel Carmel.
A boy in an orange "Spring Hill" ball team uniform, pitching the ball.
A boy plays pitcher for the first time.
Two men are running down a road and carrying a canoe.
The men are stealing a canoe
Two women are speaking to each other, one sitting and facing away, while the other is standing in a white office.
The women are enemies.
A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.
A woman skis down a hill with a few friends.
Two fans are cheering at a sporting event.
Two men are cheering on the New York Yankees.
A man and a child are laughing at each other.
A man and his daughter are making funny faces.
A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field.
The dog will return to the lake soon
A large group of protesters are walking down the street with signs.
The group of protesters are promoting legalizing gay marriage.
A person swimming in a swimming pool.
A person embraces the cold
A person swimming in a swimming pool.
A person enjoying the waters
A boy with no shirt is standing in water.
He is outside.
A boy with no shirt is standing in water.
He is wearing sunscreen.
GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas.
The man sketched on paper for his girlfriend.
Two men with black glasses are holding food, one appears to be eating.
Two men at a party are inspecting the appetizers.
A man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people.
A big person in a shirt
Two ladies in matching dresses and shoes, both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces, are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase.
two ladies take a rest after a race
Man sitting on a bench, reading a book.
A man is doing something outside.
A woman in an office making a phone call
A woman is making a business phone call.
The large white bird grazes the water.
He is searching for fish
A woman with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall.
A woman is attempting to photograph a bird in the sky.
Two men wearing dingy blue clothing are doing their job on a boat.
Two men are on a boat going to catch fish.
An old woman and a young man examine their bingo cards.
A woman and man are checking their bingo cards to see if they won
A lady in a dark coat is sitting with many people around her.
A woman is attempting an eating competition at a festival.
A moving truck with a ramp still attached.
A moving truck ready to move more belongings.
Two older men in business attire are walking in a city, text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk.
They hope to clean up the street together
A man laying down in middle of street during heavy traffic.
The traffic made a guy fall asleep.
3 Olympic winners posing for a photo on an advertised background
Some men are posing with their gold medals.
Two men working in a small factory.
Two men in a tool plant.
A man in summer clothing skiing on thin snow.
A man is skiing on a warm day.
While the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle, a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey kicks the football.
A kicker kicks off the game while the players mingle to surprise the other team.
A child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on.
A kid draws a picture of his crush
People in chairs around a table
The people are eating dinner.
People in chairs around a table
The people have eybrows.
A person rides up a narrow street on a bike, past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign.
A person riding a bike home after work.
A woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags.
A lady just finished shopping
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
The little boy is the ring bearer.
A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street.
A blue jacketed boy is speeding down the street.
A man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water.
A man is fishing on a boat.
A man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer
The soccer players compete in the championship
A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass.
A man in a suit with real gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands
A man and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure.
A man and a woman are talking
A small girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background
The season is fall.
people looking at dirty water.
People are trying to see fish.
Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by.
Two parents and two children are sitting in a field of grass.
A group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street.
A group of people are considering whether to shop at the store.
Two people kickboxing, with others spectating.
This is an official boxing match
One many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him.
A father and son are fishing together
A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt.
Men talking, while catching fish.
A man and a woman sitting down laughing.
The man and woman are husband and wife.
A news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of police tape outside of a residence.
A news crew investigates a double homicide, while the police place tape outside.
A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
A boy wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt is playing tennis with his friend.
Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera.
The women posing are models.
Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera.
The women are dressed nicely.
Five women with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes.
Five sisters wearing red and black attire are getting ready to take a family portrait.
cheerleaders pose for the camera.
They are at a photo shoot.
Three females, one a child, one young adult, and one middle-aged at delicatessen.
A grandmother, a mother and child are waiting in line at the deli.
A woman and little girl look into a display case.
A women is buying a little girl a present.
A man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack.
A man skis in the wilderness while it's snowing
Two dogs wearing muzzles are running.
the dogs are running away
construction worker working on a structure
A man is building a house.
construction worker working on a structure
A worker is working on a building.
A group of people sitting around a table eating food.
People are at a table eating Christmas dinner.
A boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar.
A boy is singing.
A woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on.
Mother demonstrates how to use equipment to her son.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.
Two well dressed boys sit on a red carpet floor inside of a home.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor.
Two groomsmen sit on a carpet dressed in tuxedos.
A man in a red plaid shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people.
a man is a comedian
An asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand.
The teenager is sitting down to think for a bit.
Man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt
The man fell asleep wearing his shoes.
A gentleman with his eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone.
The man is playing an old favorite tune on the flugelhorn.
A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling.
A woman is trying to lasso a cow that escaped.
Man is shaving in the mirror.
The man's beard is quite long.
Man is shaving in the mirror.
The man has a beard.
a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves.
Three boys are preparing for their big game that is about to start.
Two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed exterior of a new building at their work site.
The workers are climbing to build the steeple.
Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.
Construction workers are brave.
Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.
Construction workers are making repairs.
Two people climbing up some sort of wore structure.
Two people race up a structure
Two men with tan hats working in a garden.
The men with the tan hats are looking over their winter crops.
Children are petting small turtles in the grass.
The turtles are walking across the grass.
Woman standing in a store with an item in hand.
A woman in a store is shopping.
A woman with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend (also in blue and green) watches.
The woman is very good at hula hooping.
The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.
The tennis player is winning the game.
A police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street.
A policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked car.
three dogs run through the grass.
Three dogs run through the dead, brown grass.
Two girls are kneeling on the ground.
Two girls kneel on the ground looking for a ring one had dropped.
A drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man.
A drunk looking woman in a Yankees shirt is hugging a drunk looking man in a Red Sox shirt.
A group of Amish people, men and women, standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river.
The people are from the same family.
A man from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team.
A man tries to tackle a player in a NFL game.
A man is hanging sausages in a market.
A sad man is hanging sausages in a market.
People dresses in business clothing are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his cellular phone.
The people are business associates.
A man sitting outside playing a musical instrument.
The man is playing a saxophone.
A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.
A large tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.
A person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path.
The person is doing a job for someone.
A lady digs through a garbage can looking to add to the shopping cart beside her.
Lady is searching for food in garbage
The black woman is laying out literature.
A woman is placing pamphlets on a display table.
A member of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth.
A member of the army walks his dog.
Four young boys flexing for the camera.
They are friends
The firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire.
A male firefighter checks his hose before using it.
Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike.
a man rides a bike for the first time
Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike.
a bike rides a man for its first time
A little boy and his father talking to a man dressed as Santa Claws.
A boy and his father discuss Christmas with Santa Claus
A man is talking on a cellphone while filling his car with gas.
A man talks to his boss while getting gas for his car.
Two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight.
The men are very careful on the scaffold.
A man in a hard hat looks intimidated.
The man is the foreman of the construction site.
Six older women are standing in a row at a table smiling and looking trough books and other material displayed on the table.
Women are looking at books on sale at a library.
Children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.
Turtles are crawling in the light green grass.
An adorable child leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goal.
A child blocks a goal with his head.
Four individuals are sitting on a small dock by the water as a boat sails by.
Four people sitting near the ocean.
a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture
A guy is in a sand castle building competition.
A women's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium.
A volleyball team is performing in a national competition.
A young lady toying with her watch.
A woman is adjusting the time on her watch.
A woman in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk.
The lady is walking to meet up with her date.
Two girls looking into camera and smiling
Two happy girls get their pictures taken.
Three young Asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background.
The women each have umbrellas.
a woman walking down the street.
A woman is walking to work.
Two kids in their pajamas.
Two kids are wearing PJs on pajama day at school.
A woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone.
A woman is talking to her boyfriend on the phone.
An Indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace.
An Indian woman visits the outdoor bazaar to buy rice.
A lady stands outside of a Mexican market.
A girl is enjoying food at a Mexican festival with friends
A lady stands outside of a Mexican market.
A girl is enjoying food at a Mexican festival
The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening.
The man is respected.
An old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building.
The building is old.
A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the help of a young boy.
A street performer is working with an apprentice.
There is a green trash truck in road with a person sweeping sidewalk.
The garbage man sweeps up where the can spilled.
Young men drink coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day; an older bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger man in a striped shirt, who has a red toy crab on the table next to him.
Hipsters hang out outside of a cafe on a sunny day.
A group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking.
A group of males are outside reading and singing.
Rose petals being thrown at an asian couple.
A couple just got married.
Two friends having a laugh.
Two friends are laughing at people on the street.
A man and a woman are laughing.
A man and woman are laughing at a joke.
A man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookstore.
A man is reading a book he just bought.
At least six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink.
People are rollerblading for something to do.
At least six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink.
People are skating in a park for fun.
People are shopping around Christmas time for decorations.
People are in the mall shopping.
A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge.
A tall person without a shirt
A person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle, while a baby stroller sits beside her.
a mom takes a break in a park
Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train.
The lady is listening to music through headphones.
A yellow car drives across a snowy path.
A taxi cab is driving down a path of snow.
A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents.
A crowd of people pick through produce at Farmer's Market.
Four people stand in front of trees.
A group of people inspecting trees for woodpeckers.
A young couple and many others out enjoying themselves at an outdoor street event.
The young couple are looking at goods being sold by the street vendors.
A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent.
Kid celebrates at a birthday party
A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent.
Rent your own bouncy house today
Elderly woman climbing up the stairs.
The old lady was walking.
A man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face.
The man is waiting for his friend to come meet up with him.
A group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry.
Group of teens are at a laundromat, folding clothes.
A young child dressed in a scarf, hat, jacket, gloves, pants, and boots, outside playing in the snow.
A child plays with a sled in the snow while dressed warmly.
An older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel.
An older man in clothing accessories is quietly cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel.
A man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall.
The man is at a faire
A young girl with purple pants, a striped jacket, and a white hat is climbing up a ladder made of logs.
A girl is climbing up to see scenery.
A group of people and a dog sitting on the steps.
A group of people and a dog are waiting for the plumber.
The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches.
A skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting.
A bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water.
A man is testing out his new miniature boats.
A farmer tends to his chores.
A farmer feeds their cows.
Twenty five people are marching.
A man plays the trombone on the sidewalk.
Twenty five people are marching.
A marching crowd goes down the street.
A older man working at a loom
An old man inspecting the process of looming.
Four women standing around a yellow table are looking at laptops.
A group of women shopping for a new laptop.
Many women trying out and looking at laptops in a Walmart.
Women are shopping for Dell Computers.
A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.
A woman is in the sunshine.
A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.
A woman is reading outside.
A young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch.
A boy is getting ready to carve his pumpkin.
A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water.
The man is watching boats pass by while sitting on the hill.
A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water.
Two dogs play together at the lake.
A group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph
A group of people are watching a shuttle launch.
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist
A pair of strippers do a dance
Two small girls are holding stuffed animals.
The girls are showing their mother the presents the Easter Bunny left them in their Easter basket.
A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth.
A dog is playing fetch with his owner.
The basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform, who has the ball.
Two players struggling to get the ball
a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk.
The outfits are orange.
A young woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun, seated on a bench.
A young woman is reading a Nicholas Sparks book on the beach.
A black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog.
Two dogs play with a chew toy.
An older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street.
The man is a tattoo artist.
People looking at tall oriental art piece.
The new Chinese history exhibit is open at the museum
An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate.
A man is at a political rally.
A man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top.
He is a professional musician.
A man examines his facial hair.
He is deciding whether he should trim his beard.
A solo cyclist is riding down a windy road.
The cyclist falls down the windy road
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball.
A border collie is jumping to catching a toy.
A group of people having a conversation.
People are talking about politics.
A man dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery.
The man is a repairman.
The German shepherd runs happily in the park.
Dog runs outside with his owner.
A man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowers.
A man just got back from a business trip.
A game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike.
A boy is about to hit a home run.
A man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope.
A scientist is inspecting a new strain of virus
A young boy in green is practicing kicking.
the young boy is playing soccer
A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box.
A woman packages candy for a friend
Two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing.
The man and woman are doing karaoke together at a bar.
Two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.
The men are making shots.
A man in dark clothing walking in a transit station.
A criminal working his way through the transit station
A man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.
A man is is an artist teaching art classes
Two beautiful, little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes.
Kids eating cupcakes that their mom gave them.
A person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an ATV on a track.
There is a person driving in a tournament.
Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colors in the sky are four hot air balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting
Six people are celebrating halloween.
an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window.
Gentleman window shops.
an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window.
Well dressed looter.
an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window.
Businessman considers buying a gift.
Two men are drumming, one is standing and one is sitting down.
Some members of the marching band are sitting while others are standing.
A lady wearing a blue dress and earrings, is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table.
The female is waiting for her order.
One man, wearing a blue shirt, standing on the back of a truck in a market.
The man is delivering items.
A person flying through the air on a bicycle.
A person just lost control as they flew off the curb on their bike.
The brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow.
brown and black dogs carrying a big log in the meadow to show their owner.
Two men renovate a brick wall outside.
Two men are laying bricks.
Two men are fixing the side of an old brick building.
Construction workers at a job.
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
The brown dog was looking intently at the bull on the other side.
A person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door.
The person is cozy.
A person sitting on the corner, wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door.
The person is sitting on the floor.
A man on stilts is performing a magical trick while onlookers enjoy.
a man on stilts performs a magic trick for onlookers at his school.
Three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine.
Three women waiting for an ATM.
A young redheaded woman laughs at something.
A fat redheaded woman laughs at something.
A young boy gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause.
A young boy's mother takes his photo with Mr. and Mrs. Clause.
A man is wearing protective hair and face coverings.
A man is working in a restaurant.
One lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store.
one lady looks at a product while another looks the product up on her phone
Two young men are on a vast, level expanse of grass, and the man in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee.
There are other people playing with them.
A group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal.
The people are at the beach.
Seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter
Two instructors are teaching a small class of five how to fly a helicopter.
Passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street.
An old taxi drives on a street.
A man in a white shirt taking a picture.
the man is a photographer
People walk outside "The Tempe Bar".
Bar goers walk around outside after last call.
Child swimming in a pool.
A child swims laps in a lap pool.
A man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water.
A man is hiking with his girlfriend.
A dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy.
The puppy is chasing a ball.
A white dog next to a basement window.
A Pomeranian next to a window
A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.
The man is outside
Person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail.
a person walking in a tunnel is lost
A young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it.
A kid who's too young to read climbs a dangerous stack of logs.
a big black dog jumps in the air to catch the tennis ball in his mouth.
A dog is outdoors.
A little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox.
A girl in a hat is walking her ox to get home.
A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean.
A daring man in the surf.
A woman is standing at a podium.
The woman is making a speach about agriculture.
A man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street.
The man is on his way to a movie.
A woman and a young girl are eating side by side.
A mother and her daughter eating sandwiches together.
A young Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up.
The young boy's bike is broken.
A young Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bike, as a young boy, with his bike down, looks up.
This young boy is shorter than this young woman.
A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event.
The woman is naturally blonde.
A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.
A man eats a doughnut with his coffee.
A man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle
this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle of punch
A happy woman who is preparing for dinner.
A woman is cooking dinner for the guests.
A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV.
A boy is pushing a girl on a toy SUV inside of a nice house.
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.
The man is deciding whether is should watch a movie at the theater or not.
A man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery, with a cloudy sky overhead.
A man has hair.
A bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of Spiderman.
A man dressing for a show
A guy with a football, a crowd watching him.
A quarterback looks for a receiver during a football game.
Two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on.
Two girls are wearing school uniforms.
A lone bike rider navigating a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day.
Somebody is riding a bike on the nature trail.
A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans.
 A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laughing.
Two women are hugging on a path through a grassy area with a cow visible past them.
the women have rounded up the last cow for the fall
Two African American men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone.
The three men are taking a break at work in the kitchen.
Two African American men laughing with aprons on, while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular phone.
Three African American men work together in the food industry.
Basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop.
A man working hard.
a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud
The sun sets as a group of skiers finish a race.
Four human figures are backlit by a sunset.
Four men are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun
Four human figures are backlit by a sunset.
Four men are standing on a hill watching a sunset
Seven young girls are being creative and making posters.
The girls are using paints and markers on the signs.
A man waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind.
People trying to read what a man is writing.
A teen is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball.
The teenager has just made a hole-in-one while playing golf.
A man and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes.
A husband and wife walk down the street.
Three men stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats.
The constuction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies
A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street.
A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with real red flowers talking to her boyfriend on her cellphone as she walks down a quiet street sidewalk.
A black women holding a sign that says, "free hugs" in the city.
a younger woman is holding a sign
A blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail, shovel and trucks.
A blonde boy is playing near a construction zone.
Some youngsters are playing a card game
people play poker
A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball.
women playing
four children are dancing around a pole in a city street.
Four girls are dancing around a pole.
a group of construction workers busy refinishing a subway station.
A team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on schedule.
A man on a skateboard performs a trick in the air against the backdrop of a bright blue sky.
A man is a good skateboarder
A young girl holding a toddler.
A sister holds her little brother.
A grim looking man with sunglasses pilots a boat.
The hungover man drives his boat to work.
A man with a duffel bag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street.
A man with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street.
A man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks.
The man is in a store.
A woman in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue.
A friend in white givers her blue dressed friend something.
A woman in black walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoking a cigarette.
A woman is window shopping for a new outfit.
A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride's veil.
The newlyweds are kissing in a church during the wedding.
A white man in a blue uniform is pushing away a black man in a red uniform while the two play soccer on a green field.
A man pushing away another man on the soccer field because he pushed him first.
A woman is taking a picture on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather.
A woman is taking a picture with an older woman.
A group in uniform marches carrying red signs with Chinese lettering on them.
a militant Chinese group lead a protest with red signs
It's another day of celebration, with a parade and signs, with many people in attendance.
People are celebrating a local festival, cheering alonside a parade
A woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind.
The woman is riding her bike to conserve fuel use.
Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot.
Dancers are performing to Latin music.
A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand.
The man is drawing a picture.
A few women and children are collecting items from rocks.
People are collecting special stones from rocks.
A group of young people pose for a picture in a field
They are taking a class photo.
Two men stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background.
men at the center of a clearing waiting for the rest of the group
A little boy with a red baseball cap is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball caps on.
There are people riding the bus after school
A young boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup.
A kid is holding a soda can and walking through the park.
A man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera.
The man is outdoors.
A man in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower, smiling at the camera.
The man has pants on.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
The boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree.
A boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around.
The young child is working on his science project.
A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium.
A boy is attending an event
A man with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus.
A man is traveling to see his best friend.
People sitting in a dim restaurant eating.
People are in a restaurant celebrating an anniversary.
A large group of people gather at a piano bar.
A group of men at a piano bar
There are two young ladies jogging, by the ocean side.
Two women are running late for a meeting.
A historic-looking building.
The town hall
A historic-looking building.
An older building
A young boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot.
The young man is juggling balls.
Two women on a beach.
Two mothers enjoy a day at the beach with their husbands.
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach.
Two women in bikinis are flirting with guys.
The man walks among the large trees.
The man is lost in the woods.
A runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch.
A runner in front of his supporters
A person in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley.
A person just bowled a strike.
A shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk.
A man is almost done working today.
A policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window.
The policeman is on a stakeout.
Three military officials are battling a fire my a building.
Three military offcials battle a fire after an accidental explosion.
A black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop.
The man is a performer.
A man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses.
A man with glasses is looking at drinking glasses.
Painter re-creates old works of art in a museum.
A painter copying masterpieces in a museum to sell.
An artist replicating another artist's work and a man looking at the original art.
A painter works on a copy of a Rembrandt.
A senior citizen wearing a hat, blue button up shirt, Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones.
The man is bringing the ice cream cone to another person.
A woman wearing sunglasses is frowning.
A woman wearing big red sunglasses is frowning.
A group of men in blue shirts, banded hats, and red bandannas stand in a group.
a bunch of guys in colorful clothes are standing together waiting for the bus
A woman player in white and black, sends the volleyball over the net, while the opposing team in navy blue, tries to block it, as the coach and a few spectators watch, in a gym.
The gym is old
Four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.
Four kids are wearing birthday party hats.
Four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers.
Four kids are waiting in line for the bus.
A child with curly blond-hair looks at another child with long brown hair while sitting on a bench.
The school kids are relaxing during recess.
A runner in a black and blue uniform competes in a race.
he is winning
A person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people.
A person is at a concert.
A black scientist looks through a scope examining a biological specimen's blood cells.
he looks through the microscope before lunch
Some people are relaxing in front of a large red building.
A group of children are relaxing in front of a large red building.
Three men play musical instruments.
Three people with guitars.
A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri pants and is barefoot.
A woman is taking a break and lying in the grass.
A man with brown pants and boots moving a tent.
A circus worker is moving the Big Top tent.
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
A woman and young girl celebrating together.
A man in a blue shirt, blue jeans, and a red apron standing at a grill.
A man in blue jeans cooks hot dogs on the grill.
A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass.
A boy is running home after school.
A firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke.
The firefighter can't enter the building.
Two men in suits standing in front of a bus, one is wearing a medal.
The men are standing in a parking garage.
Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.
Pets galloping down the street.
A small dog runs to catch a ball.
The dog is a chihuahua.
An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a young man in a blue t-shirt passing by.
The accordion player is highly skilled.
Bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him.
A man shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet.
Men sitting at a table in a church.
The ornate church contains chatting people.
Man in robe making designs on dirt ground.
An artist preparing some sketches in the dirt.
A man with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a large monument surrounded by a gray fence.
There is a statue behind a person.
A man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed.
The man is reading to his grandson.
A man with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed.
The man and boy are in a bedroom.
A woman is carrying two children in the middle of a large crowd.
the woman is white
An Indian woman is dancing with her partner.
A woman has dark skin.
Man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transportation.
The man is on his way to work.
A yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it.
A worker is working on the damages caused by the flood.
A woman in a gray dress walks down the street.
The woman is walking to the shop.
Someone in green pants is on a white snowboard in the air.
The person is competing in a snowboarding competition.
A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street.
An old man listening to rock walking down the sidewalk.
Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting.
A dog runs after a squirrel.
Three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them.
The people are in a play.
Six seated men converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption.
Several men are gathered to learn about ham radios.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
People are spending a day at the beach.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
People rest while climbing a mountain.
A short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder.
The man is jumping to another boulder.
A man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a man in white uniform is watching him.
The man in the white is the superior of the janitor in gray.
Five rodeo contestants wait their turn.
Five rodeo contestants wait their turn to win the 500 dollar prize.
Children on the beach with their dog.
The children are playing catch with their dog.
A jubilant crowd dressed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street.
People having a parade on a street.
Two people walking down a narrow alley with large buildings on each side.
Two people are walking down an alley on their way home from work.
A woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about GLAM U WIKI.
A woman is giving a speech to an interested crowd.
An older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas.
An older looking couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant.
A dark-haired man wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people.
A man takes his lunch break in the park.
People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance.
people having boat party
A man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an old man carries yellow bags.
An old man works.
Two women are relaxing in a hot tub.
Two women are on vacation in the hot tub.
A man in a navy blue shirt is tossing a boy with a large smile on his face high into the air.
A man tossing his son into the air.
Phone to her ear, a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street.
Phone to her ear, a woman bends slowly forward
A woman is leaning down while talking to her phone.
The phone's ringer is loud
A soft focus picture of a little girl wearing an orange sweater.
A girl is wearing an orange sweater with black stripes.
The man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks.
The man is wearing purple jeans.
Three men are playing frisbee in the woods.
Three brothers are playing a friendly game of Frisbee before dinner.
Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car.
The theme of the photo is red.
Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car.
Everything in the photo is red colored.
A dark-haired lady with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf.
A dark-haired lady is dressed for a good day
A man wearing a brown shirt and backpack is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street.
The toddler is wearing rain boots.
Two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood.
Two workers cutting down a board to make it fit in a housing project.
People standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads' Tickets Available Here'.
The people are wanting to buy concert tickets.
A child sits in a tree holding a branch.
The child climbed up there on his own.
A mom and her boy are riding in a bumper car.
The mom is letting the boy steer the bumpercar
A man in an orange hat holds a ball.
A man in an orange hat is getting ready to throw a ball.
Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.
The kangaroo wants to leave
A girl in a purple top, baggy pants and sneakers is blowing a kiss, while another girl in black watches.
A girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone watches.
An Asian man makes faces for the camera.
The man is wearing a white shirt.
There is a large group of people standing together mostly wearing Canada symbols.
They are Canadian.
A casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing.
A woman looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his new girl.
Two guys in blue shirts talking.
Two men complimenting each other on their blue shirts.
A woman is holding a large check for Kids Food Basket.
She is making a donation.
A woman is holding a large check for Kids Food Basket.
She is fond of the charity.
A male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game.
A football player is trying to score a goal.
A male wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game.
A Dallas Cowboy player is trying to tie the playoff game.
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain
A couple hang out on the beach.
a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain
A matching couple cools down in the rain.
The man in the white shirt holds up a playing card.
The man is holding up the Ace of Spades.
a brown dog standing in the middle of a huge field.
A dog is sniffing for its bone.
A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt, wearing a bib number from a marathon, holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black dress.
A woman just won a 5k race
Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field.
One of the boys scored a goal for his sports team today.
A woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole.
A person waiting for a friend
Man on phone in business suit walking down a busy street.
A man is talking to his wife on the phone while walking down the street.
Casually dressed young males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with bicycles and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day.
A bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes.
Three men are using Washington Mutual ATMs outside near a parking lot.
A group of friends are getting some money before they go to dinner.
A young woman is standing on a slope, facing the top of the slope.
A woman ponders what it would be like to climb the slope.
A girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat.
The girl is playing a game at recess.
A man crouches down next to a motorcycle.
A man is stealing parts from a motorcycle.
A man wearing a purple cap, yellow snow goggles, a periwinkle jacket and red backpack moves quickly through powdery snow near a winter tree.
The man is skiing.
An elderly Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese.
A man is a cook
A young black man is getting his hair buzzed off.
The man has long hair.
A young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride.
The boy is happy
Four men and three women, all in their beach attire, hang around a small cliff by the ocean as one man is about to dive into the water.
Tall people in beach attire
Five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle
Five girls are wearing different colored dresses.
A young woman in white working in a professional kitchen.
The young woman makes a meal.
An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent.
One wrestler is wearing green.
People waiting on a train platform.
People are waiting for a train which is late.
Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera.
a dog is in a pond
The woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings.
The woman is under a lot of stress.
A man is socializing with another man in the bar.
Two friends talking while getting a drink after work.
Girls dressed in red stand in a line.
They are going somewhere.
Girls dressed in red stand in a line.
It is a special day.
A female child in a white, long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch, laughing as her hair is sticking up.
A child laughs at her mothers joke on a couch.
A young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned.
A woman buttons the baby's pajamas while a baby cries.
A crowd of people standing in front of statues.
The statue is made of marble.
A crowd of people standing in front of statues.
The people are taking photos of the statue.
A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water.
The boy is wearing shorts.
A few young boys throwing a football over a volleyball net.
Boys playing a new game they made up, volleyfoot.
An old man in a blue shirt and white pants glowers by a glass door.
A man resting outside
A man dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building.
A tall human standing
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch.
A man is being tortured by other people.
an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch.
A man is attempting to run away.
Several children are standing on the beach.
The children are waiting to go into the water.
A man with no shirt on is holding a football.
A man poses for a photo with a football.
A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom.
A puppy is playing.
A man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance.
A man is refuelling his car.
A man in a jacket is standing in a gas station, next to a car and lights are shining in the distance.
A man is outside at night.
A group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left.
A group of people are sitting in a business room when they notice something on the left.
A group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left.
The group of people are game developers creating a new video game in their office.
A bike is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background.
A woman has left her bike outside a store while she goes inside.
Men wearing hats walk on the street.
The men are construction workers.
A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls.
The people are viewing a new art exhibit.
A man wearing a black t-shirt that says "Long Live the Dead" pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow taxi cab.
The man just got done shopping.
Three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall.
Three young women are belly dancing in front of a crowd.
A woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting.
A woman sits in front of ancient indian ruins
A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building.
A group of people are protesting in front of a building.
Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest
The dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest.
A young boy, wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding.
A young boy wearing a hat is cold while he sleds.
A man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff.
A man is acquiring information.
A man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff.
A man is teaching himself how to climb.
A shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag.
The man doesn't care much about his health.
A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.
A man is twisting a balloon into the shape of a dog.
An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy.
Two boys are helping their parents shop
An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy.
A boy is walking on the street
Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set.
A boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set.
Boy in backpack crossing the street, Other people, all Asian, are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy.
The boy is on his way home from school.
A woman is sitting outside at a table, using a knife to cut into a sandwich.
A woman is sitting outside waiting for her friend.
A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people.
The raft is filled with 6 females.
There are two boats full of people in a river, one is stopped and the other is moving.
One of the boats ran out of gas.
Three musicians are playing in a band.
The rock band is playing to a sold out crowd
Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera.
Two young boys dressed like cows are posing.
Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.
The men are standing in total darkness.
Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.
Two friends give thumbs up to the camera.
A man holds up a sign that reads "tattoo" as many people walk near him.
A man is holding a sign a yelling "tattoo".
An elderly woman with a tan nun uniform on and glasses is taking a picture with her camera.
A woman is trying to take pictures of the world's largest tree
Several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines.
The people watching from the sidelines cheer.
A man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.
An old man dressed only in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna.
Repairing the roof of a school on the coastline.
Women are fixing a school roof.
A little girl in a pink dress crying.
A young girl is crying for more attention.
Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit.
The child is at a waterpark.
A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a black and white cat.
The baby and the cat are in the living room.
The dog is in the snow in front of some trees.
A dog is playing in the snow.
A young boy is playing in the sandy water.
The boy is playing at the beach.
A child in a red coat waves a hand in the air while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled.
A child is playing in the snow with his friends.
A woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket.
A lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black outside of a church.
A boy at the beach runs through the surf towards three other people who are already in the water.
The boy is running through the surf towards his family that are swimming.
A man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway.
A man is on his way to work.
A child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers.
The boy has a gift for his mother.
Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard.
The dogs wanted to find the end of the fence, but it seemed to keep on going, always turning into yet another stretch of distance.
Two old women sitting on curb next to flowers
Two old women sat near the scenery that they enjoyed
A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt.
An 20 year old man has an orange shirt.
Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party.
A man is at his sisters party.
A couple opening up a new electronically mixer.
The new mixer is necessary for this new couple
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background.
There is a group of people at a music festival.
A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle.
Several dogs are racing and one is jumping over a hurdle.
A man on a ladder in tall grass.
The man is wearing glasses.
A street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera.
A mime is practicing his art.
A man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing
A man is reading a newspaper on break.
A man wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him.
A man competes in a long distance run.
A man running in a race passes by spectators.
The person is running a marathon.
Topless girl riding a red bike.
The woman is tall.
a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd.
He has just won the competition
Middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom.
The man is getting his car ready for work.
Man and a woman at the side of a table covered in books.
Two people are shielded by paperbacks.
Four women carrying shoulder bags are walking down a city sidewalk.
Four women are shopping for jewelry.
White dog playing in the snow.
The dog has cold paws from the snow.
Four women and two men are in a kitchen, cooking near a long table with a white tablecloth.
Tall people cooking
the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth.
The dog is running with a ball in its mouth.
A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field.
The dog is fetching the ball for its owner.
A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave.
A man on vacation is at the ocean.
Several people are waiting in a metro station.
The people are all waiting for the same train.
Two wrestlers in an intense match.
Two wrestlers are competing and are brothers.
A man dressed in black and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a police sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forward.
there was a bad accident
A person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair.
A person is thrown gleefully screaming into the air by a bungee-jumping ride
An Asian man is performing with face paint on.
The Asian man is drawing a crowd.
An old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background.
An ugly old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him
The brown, furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him.
The animal is walking through a forest.
A policeman on a motorcycle from the rear.
An officer driving down a street.
A person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplane preparing to skydive.
A person is skydiving alone
A man on one miniature train passes a circular object to a man on another train as they pass by.
Two trains of different sizes but following each other side by side going to opposing directions.
A young boy in a dental examination.
A young boy is getting a cavity filled.
Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail.
Four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down before the storm.
A silver car is passing by the entrance of the Hotel Carmel, and several people are outside.
The people are staying at the Hotel Carmel.
A woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.
The woman is carrying a bag with her laptop.
A passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat.
A man is taking a picture of a school of whales in Hawaii.
Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers.
A dog is dressed up for Halloween and is trying to get flowers for his masters costume.
The dog is in snow, and has a stick in its mouth.
The dog is playing fetch.
A man in a boom lift bucket welds.
A man is working indoors.
A young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people
The attractive brunette in a red visor gets a lot of attention from the crowd as she holds a white umbrella.
Two basketball players on opposing teams, one in white, the other in red, are mid-game, running down the court, white-uniform player with ball-in-hand.
The white team is winning a basketball game.
A group of people are outside working.
Construction workers are building something.
A woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella.
It is raining.
Two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day.
The two men are not wearing shirts.
An older woman is looking at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics.
the old lady looks into the mirror to choose which makeup she will buy
A woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream.
A woman is standing in a kitchen.
A woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream.
A woman is making a snack.
three teenagers wearing t-shirt run down the beach, with several other people in the background.
someone is being chased on a beach
A male singer, dressed in a long purple pea coat, holding an electric guitar, singing into a microphone, while a male in sunglasses and wearing headphones, plays drums, with purple drapery hanging in the background.
the singer is paid
Overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an "angry "man "chokes" a woman who sticks out her tongue.
A man is mad at the woman
A girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair.
A girl is following her parents on a wheelchair.
A man in a business suit has just crossed the street.
The man is walking to work.
A man in a business suit has just crossed the street.
The man is walking.
A man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign.
A man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rally.
A man in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golf course, with trees and power lines in the background.
The man is a poor golfer.
A man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart.
An old man pushing a cart.
A man wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water.
The man is standing by a river.
A dog jumps over a pile of wood.
A dog jumps over a pile of wood to chase a rabbit.
Two guys playing soccer, one in red and the other in blue.
One of the men is a goalie.
A well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers.
A grandmother is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it.
A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent.
The girl hits the ball to her coach.
Small girl riding in play car.
A girl is about to crash her toy car.
A young man standing outside a laundromat.
A man is waiting for his clothes to finish at the laundromat.
A child on a swing.
The child is playing with friends on the swing.
A man is performing for a group in front of a white house.
The man performed in front of his own house.
a black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue.
a dog chases a boy to eat him
A man sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls.
Man sitting at a tarot card shop, waiting for his palm to be read.
A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street, a concrete wall in the background.
A person with a great tatto
A woman looks at a picture and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls.
A woman is crying as she surveys her framing job.
A young girl jumps off her swing in front of building.
girl plays in park
A group is walking between two giant rock formations.
A group is hiking.
Four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water.
The people are trying to cross a river without getting wet.
An older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water.
A older man and toddler playfully splash each other while in water
An older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water.
A grandfather is bathing his grandchild
The women is photographing statues outdoors on a sunny day.
Women photographing statues for a magazine
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.
Girl with swim cap and goggles prepares to jump in pool.
A man in purple tie is singing.
A man is performing in a concert.
A worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow.
The worker is a man.
An old gray-haired man with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture.
The man is 100 years old
Four men in the forest move a cannon down the path.
The men are preparing to siege a castle.
A little girl drawing with chalk, on a chalkboard.
A little girl is drawing on the board during class.
A lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer.
The woman is wearing black shorts.
An older woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen.
An old woman is making spaghetti.
Two women are eating lollipops- the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed.
Two sisters are eating lollipops.
A man is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around.
A man is getting tidied up for a job interview.
Men at a party hanging out on the front porch.
They are smoking cigarettes on the porch.
Girls giving a presentation for a school class.
The girls are in front of a blackboard in a classroom.
A older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi.
A taxi driver with gray hair next to a green and yellow taxi.
The man in camouflage pants telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lying on the ground having a heart attack.
The men are terrified.
A choir of youths are singing.
they are singing in a christmas program
A newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head.
The guy just got a big tip from a customer.
A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt.
A couple of young people hanging out.
A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt.
A couple of young people are at a concert.
A man and a woman are on a seesaw.
Two attractive adults on a seesaw.
The person is reading a book.
A person reads their favorite novel.
A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him.
The dog is a retriever.
Sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation.
Young men went out on the balcony to argue in private.
A little boy with an orange backpack walks under a tree through the woods.
A boy walks to school through the woods.
A group of young men are running in a grassy field.
The group of young men play a game while on break from work.
A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit.
A little baby is having lunch.
A woman is applying lip makeup to another woman who seems to have some green in her hair.
The girl has a hot date tonight
There is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage pants with a big black belt on a stage holding a microphone.
A woman is getting ready to perform a song for the audience.
Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone.
A woman is calling her daughter.
A man wearing an oxford shirt, sunglasses, and a hat smirks.
A man hiding his true identity.
Two girls in bathing suits are in water.
Girls in swim suit attracting the guys through glamour
Two girls in bathing suits are in water.
Two girls are swiming in a pool
Two girls in bathing suits are in water.
Two girls practicing swimming in a pool
Women are working and digging in a field.
Women are digging in a field to plant corn.
Politician John McCain on a talk show.
John McCain is talking about politics.
Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection.
Traffic is stopped at a red light.
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk
Many people walk to the sidewalk to avoid traffic.
Person in a long red coat walking in front of a building.
A person gets ready to protest near a building.
A young Asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture.
A child's mother takes a picture of her.
A child rides a bicycle in a sunny neighborhood.
the child is riding his bike to the park
A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl.
A mother and daughter are participating in a historical reinactment.
An older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing.
The tourists are having their picture taken by a famous work of art.
Three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes.
The performers are performing in a cabaret.
A little girl in a gray jacket is riding her bicycle.
A little girl in a gray jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten speed mountain bike.
Three people are outside.
Three people enjoying the great outdoors.
Three people are outside.
Two people standing.
Uniformed group walks down a street.
A group of soldiers patrol the street.
Two girls, one with dark hair, wearing glasses and red pants, the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a sidewalk.
Two girls are walking through New York City.
A man in a black hat opens his mouth.
The governor prepared to deliver the speech that would deliver the votes.
A woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other.
The glass bottle is big
A man jumps off a cliff with a city view below.
Man parachutes off a cliff with a scenic view.
A young woman cooks a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman, as an illuminated shrine to Mr. T looks on.
A young chef teaches her sister how to prepare a recipe.
The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling.
The man is making hot dogs and hamburgers.
Two men entering a brick home during the snow.
The men are contractors
A male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole.
A tall human poking
Two construction workers perched on an I beam, assembling a building frame.
The two men are brothers.
Two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk.
Two women are enjoying an afternoon of shopping.
The young girl is airborne as she falls into the lake.
A girl is falling off a pier, into a lake.
Two women sitting at a table with their hands together.
Two women are praying at a table before they eat their lunch.
Two women sitting at a table with their hands together.
Two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages.
Hikers walk along some tough terrain.
Hikers make their way along tough terrain to get to the scene of the fall.
People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant.
People are listening to mariachi music
An obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone.
A man is talking to his girlfriend on the phone.
An older man is kneeling and talking to a group of younger children, all in soccer uniforms.
a coach teaches his kids
A woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right.
The woman is looking at a dog.
A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball.
The rugby player is tall.
A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street.
An old woman in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a large black horse across a street.
A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.
The girl is watering pansies and daisies.
The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course.
Some people have gone to the woods for training.
People wearing sombreros drink shots happily.
People enjoying the festivities in Cancun.
A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball.
A woman is in a bowling alley.
Two men, wearing identical shirts look into a classic car hood.
Two people are working on their vehicle.
A woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces.
A woman and her son play the third of a best of three checkers tournament.
A woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe.
Two elderly men cat calling at a woman.
A woman in a blue jacket dragging a child on a sled through the snow.
A mother and her child are playing in the snow.
A guy with piercings, tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair.
A male model with a mohawk, tattoos, and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chair for the camera.
Two men pouring concrete onto another truck.
They are friends
batter hits a baseball
A man at home plate hits a baseball with the bat.
batter hits a baseball
A man in a baseball game hits a foul ball.
A young boy is taking American flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans.
A young boy is being forced to remind others of veterans.
A female acrobat with long, blond curly hair, dangling upside down while suspending herself from long, red ribbons of fabric.
A circus is going on.
A musical group performs on stage with their instruments.
The jazz band performs.
two samoyads play in the snow.
It is snowy outside.
two samoyads play in the snow.
The Samoyads are wrestling.
A young face-painted boy is sucking his thumb.
The boy lost his pacifier.
A young boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a log in the fall.
A boy is thinking outside.
Two smiling young girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass.
The two girls are sisters.
Children are playing in the street with a toy.
The children have a ball.
Children are playing in the street with a toy.
The children are near some cars.
Man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bike behind him.
A man is about to perform a song.
A little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning.
The boy is 2 years old.
A person is surfing a big wave.
 A person is surfing a big hundred foot wave.
A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy, wearing a blue shirt with penguins, to his left
The two boys are having a playdate arranged by their mothers.
A male baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball.
That player has never missed a catch.
A soldier using binoculars in a desert.
A soldier using binoculars searches for the enemy in a desert.
A woman and two children walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims.
A dog is about to be attacked by a gator.
A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lighting behind him.
a singer is on american idol
A busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outside and nighttime.
Tall people lined up
A man cycling on road and enjoying.
A man is enjoying his favorite route.
A man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray.
A personal chef prepares a meal for his celebrity client and her dinner guests.
A man wearing a blue shirt, black apron, eyeglasses, and a mask is handling food in a tray.
A young man with earrings and a mohawk, prepares hamburgers at a fast food restaurant.
A dog biting a man's rear
An animal bit its owner.
A man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre.
A man just purchased some lottery tickets.
A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a large sleeping baby painted on it.
A couple walks in front of a three story building.
A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back.
A man is hiking outside with a bag on his back.
Two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in.
Boys trying to escape an incoming storm
A swan landing in a lake.
A bird is looking for food on a lake.
The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand.
The woman is trying to get a picture of her friend.
In a snowy residential environment, a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo.
The log is for firewood.
A group of students are walking through the campus.
There is a school tour going on
A man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.
A sad man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat.
A boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side.
a kid broke his leg
Two people are participating in the sport fencing.
Two people competing in a fencing tournament
A boy on a skateboard in midair
The boy is doing a trick.
A man biking down a tunnel.
A man is winning a bike race.
A man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background.
They have been swimming.
Three children are shooting guns in the woods.
Three children are shooting a deer.
People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery.
The hikers have backpacks.
An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky.
a woman is taking a picture outdoors
A woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion.
A woman and two men are having a discussion about freedom.
A woman and two men, that are dressed professionally, are having a discussion.
A woman and two men are negotiating a threesome.
A man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads "poet for hire."
The guy is looking for a job.
People with bags walk along a dirt road in front of a green building.
Homeless people are walking outside.
A balding, heavyset man and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman.
The man is visiting Gettysburg National Cemetary in Gettysburg PA with his family.
A man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall.
The man wants to purchase some produce.
Indy car, white, blue with a red mark on the roof, rounding a turn, in front of the white car.
A driver passing his opponent on the last lap
A young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman, who is carrying a young girl.
A family is at the mall
A young blond child wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background.
A child looks at birds in the sky outside of of a bridge.
She is cooking food while wearing a dress.
A woman in a dress prepares a steak.
Four dogs of varying breeds running through a field.
Some dogs playing in grass.
A choir practicing in a church.
A choir is preparing to sing for a wedding.
Two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired.
The woman had a long day.
A young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle.
A young boy wears a helmet and biking boots.
Two children play in the snow by the side of the road.
Kids are building a snow man.
Two children play in the snow by the side of the road.
Kids are enjoying the cold weather.
A man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path.
A man with headphones is biking.
A man is throwing something into the road.
A man throws salt on a snowy road.
Young children play on scaffolding.
Happy children play on scaffolding.
A black woman is sitting on the beach examining an octopus.
The woman has been fishing in the ocean
Two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water.
The body of water is a lake.
Two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them.
Two men joyously working on the roof of an apartment building
A man trying his hardest to climb up a rope.
The man climbing a rope to get to the top.
A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a man in a red bandanna.
The woman is a dirty hippie.
A young girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake.
A girl is sitting in dirty water with a snake's skin in her hands
a green and white trolley car with an advertisement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city.
A trolley taking people to work and school.
A young woman with a black hat and red and black jacket, swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope.
The photo is taking place in a gym.
A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building.
A girl debates eating at a certain restaurant.
Four people walking beside each other down a street, one of the men is turned around looking toward the camera.
A group of friends are headed to Wendys
A man is squatting on the ground.
A man is searching for something he dropped.
A group of people gather around a truck.
A group of people gather near the monster truck.
A woman is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table.
The lady on the table is cutting here sandwich is on her cellphone
A woman with a navy sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur.
The woman is in an outdoor park
Stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away.
A football game is being played.
Stretching high in the air, the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away.
A wide reciever is trying to make a catch.
Two men outside of a restaurant.
Two men are sitting on the restaurant patio.
Army men grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on.
The men here will eat a lot of food soon.
A little white dog runs outside, their ears blown back in the wind.
A dog is running towards it's owner.
A woman happy about something.
A woman is happy that her husband is home from work.
Two women are sitting at a table, one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor.
Two mothers and their children are playing.
A group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage.
They are holding pom poms.
A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room.
Someone is playing a song for a group of people.
A photographer carefully sets up his camera on a tripod and prepares to take the shot amidst the scenic background.
A man has a camera in the woods.
Two uniformed women, wearing jackets saying "Politie" on the back, are looking at each other in front of a crowd.
The women are married.
A woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hair holding a book.
A woman is wearing glasses and a light brown beanie.
A man is dancing in front of a band.
The man is having a good time.
A group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform.
A group of friends are travelling to Hawaii.
A painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus.
A painter has a tattoo of a dragon on his arm.
A painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focus.
A painter is doing a watercolor painting.
A young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event.
the woman is at a party
A man is spinning a little girl in the air above his head.
A man is carrying his daughter above his head.
As a crowd looks on, a player in a white uniform, wearing only one colorful sock, makes a diving catch for the frisbee.
A player makes the game winning catch
A man on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by.
A homeless street musician tries to earn enough to money to survive
Two boys run to the entryway of an old building.
Two kids are running after a dog that got away.
A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background.
The ladies are friends.
The dogs are playing on the bed.
Dogs fighting each other for the chance to sleep on the bed.
A woman is observing pictures on a camera.
A women purchasing a new camera from the store.
A baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball.
A baseball player joyously sliding into a base
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
A brown dog swims with their owner.
A mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs.
A young woman holds a red umbrella over her infant son as she goes upstairs.
A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building.
The man with the skateboard is waiting for a plane
A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building.
The man on the skateboard is going to bounce off the glass doors
A man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette.
A man is playing a brown guitar
Two young boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor.
The boys are having fun playing with the train set.
A group of individuals are sitting together in a room.
The people are celebrating their father's birthday at a local restaurant.
a woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid
A woman is drinking.
A race car, numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take pictures.
People are taking pictures of the indy 500.
Two girls, one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt, are standing against a wall.
Two girls hiding behind a wall.
The dog's mouth is open like he is yawning.
a dog is yawning because he is tired from a walk
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench.
A person rests on seat
A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something.
A woman in a gray shirt looking at her book.
A woman in a gray shirt is looking at something.
A woman in a gray shirt looking onward.
A woman plays in the wind, with a furry brown dog.
The dog is a shitzu.
A young girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on helps a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces.
A girl helps her brother tie his shoes
A man holding girl at top of a slide
A man telling the girl not be scared on top of a silde.
Two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street.
Some kids pass their friends on a street.
A group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food.
a group of people in green vests purchase food for lunch.
A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves.
A dog is running towards its owner.
A city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians.
The traffic is busy.
A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off.
A woman has her shoe off to adjust her sock.
This man is working with an I-pad.
the man is typing a paper
two little girls dancing on the floor
Two kids happily jiving on the dance floor.
two little girls dancing on the floor
Two kids jiving on the dance floor.
A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by.
The woman is wearing a skirt.
A public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone.
A man gives a speech about the economy.
Men playing basketball, the guy with the ball is attempting a layup.
Men are playing basketball as one guy wins the game by attempting a layup.
An old man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room.
The man is a father
Red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine.
The PR rep fielded questions during the interview.
A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard.
The curb is dangerous.
The players manuever for the soccer ball.
Soccer players play outside.
A girl in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger.
A female has a bee on her hand.
A teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something.
somebody saw something in the sky
A teenage girl in a crowd of people looking up at something.
no one saw the rainbow in the sky
A group of dogs stand in the snow.
Some animals are forced to stand still in snow.
A man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day.
The headscarf is a gift.
A hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed bike path.
The cyclist is traveling faster than the cars.
People in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water.
A family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy
Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cutting cakes, they look ready to dig in.
The guy is wearing a cap.
A woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival.
A woman checks for a stain on her son's shirt at the festival.
A young man throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf goal.
A man playing in a tournament.
Three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, "DEMOS, The Business of Care."
There are some people at a business meeting.
A group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it.
the people are tourists
An ATV rides over a vast sandy landscape.
The rider is following his friends in the sand.
A group of children in costumes are on a stage with red curtains.
a group of children are performing a play
A man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him.
A man is about to hit the winning point in a tennis match.
A cobblestone street lined with houses and some pedestrians milling around.
Humans are outside going to various shopping places.
Two soccer players try to take possession of the ball, but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him.
the players are brazilian
An elderly male is blowing air into an object.
The elderly man  was blowing up a balloon
A man wearing a green apron, working at a street side vendor called NY Dosas, miles at the camera.
The man selling halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera.
A boy plays basketball.
The boy is going to dunk the ball.
A boy plays basketball.
The boy is on a basketball court.
A boy jumps on the beach.
A boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built.
A boy jumps on the beach.
A boy is happy to be so close to the water.
two dogs run across the woods.
The dogs are running after an animal
A young japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street.
The young Asian couple are using an umbrella to protect themselves from the hard rain.
Two men talk outdoors.
The men are talking about their wives
Boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station.
A boy is looking through a window at another boy at the train station.
A young girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean, as two other children play in the sand.
The children there together.
A shirt booth with a man printing a shirt.
The shirt is blue with black lettering.
A young woman is about to descend the stairs into a metro station.
A lady is walking to her train
Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.
Three friends hiking the Appalachain Trail.
Child getting ready to go down a slide.
The child will go down the slide.
A person is holding a shovel between a truck and a cloud of dust.
The person wants to dig for something that is buried.
A woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background.
The woman is waiting for someone to show up.
A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.
The crowd knows their team will win.
A Caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an ATM machine.
The woman is withdrawing money.
A dog jumping over a beam
An animal is outdoors.
A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic.
Construction is being done on the road.
One child in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 children are on their knees.
The children are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the middle of April
In this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal.
the man is a farmer
A dog with a collar on lying on the street.
The dog was just hit by a car and is lying in the street.
A person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket.
a man sits on a couch
A woman wearing sunglasses.
A woman is looking at somebody.
A man wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and singing.
The man is a great guitar player.
A man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a female tourist.
An old Asian man riding a baby elephant.
A female bicyclist wearing black, and having four number 9's printed on her limbs on a bike.
A woman riding a bike in a race.
Little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen.
A young girl in the kitchen makes spicy omelets.
A girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food.
There is Chinese food on the plate.
A boy posing on the soccer field.
The boy is on a soccer team.
A young man does tricks on his skateboard.
A guy rolls forward.
While traveling, a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket.
A man's wife lays on his shoulder
A young boy in suspenders.
The boy's suspenders are blue.
A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow.
A dog wants back inside from the cold.
A man is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt.
The man is going into the temple to pray.
Many people on the beach holding a very large net.
The people are a part of a native tribe mending their fishing nets.
A group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street.
A group of girls are walking to school.
A child stuck up in a tree.
A child is stuck in a tree after trying to hide.
A person wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view.
The person is taking a nature hike.
A boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.
A sad boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers.
A man and his camel in the dusty desert.
the man is mexican
A man in suit waiting for the green light.
A man is on his way to work.
An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background.
A group of officers stand near a crime scene.
The small dog is running across the lawn.
A dog is chasing a ball.
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
A dog is pulling a sled with bags.
3 people are shopping in a market.
The three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw.
A group of people are walking down a busy street.
A group of people are going to work.
A half dressed man is sleeping on the sidewalk.
A homeless man is sleeping outside
A woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air.
the woman is a professional skater
A group of young men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball.
Guys are playing shirts vs skins.
A barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive.
A barber in a sports shop waits eagerly for business.
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.
The man wearing black pants and a black jacket is in front of the fence.
Swimming in the wide blue ocean.
It is the backstroke.
A bird is perched on a tree branch.
An owl is perched on a tree branch.
A young man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street.
A young man is resting.
Three children in a black dog kennel.
The kids are being punished.
Three children in a black dog kennel.
Kids are in a cage.
A girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair.
The three best friends just got finished playing a game of musical chairs.
By a table with several boxes and two coffee cups on it, a woman in a green sweater is opening a small box and another person (whose head cannot be seen) is operating a small handheld electronic device.
A woman opening boxes while her colleague checks a shipping manifest.
Two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.
Lilly and Sally were laughing while eating lunch.
Two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together.
Lilly and Sally were eating lunch.
People stand along a train track and take pictures.
Photographers take photos of the scene after a train accident.
People stand along a train track and take pictures.
Some people are walking to the train station.
A city street with market vendors and children being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background.
The children are bored.
The coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members.
Tall people talking
Two humans looking out in the distance from a hill.
Two people pause to overlook the beautiful veiw before resuming their hike.
A black man in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing.
One man pounds another as they box.
A man holds two children in his arms.
A man poses for a photograph with his two grandchildren.
A man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fence that overlooks some water.
An accordion player leans against his fence
Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.
Several women wearing headscarves stand and talk to each other in a cobbled courtyard.
two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.
They are whispering about their day.
A man in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by.
The man is wearing designer fashions during a photoshoot.
A girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach.
The beach is cold
A short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background.
a man performs on the street for tips
A large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone.
The fountain has running water.
Two women are tending to their herd of animals including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone.
The women are both farmers
A surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine.
A surfer is in performing at a charity event.
A Man is eating food next to a child on a bench.
Man eating his food while sitting with his daughter.
A large African American man sitting on a camping chair.
The large black man is relaxing in the chair and waiting for a steak
A group of Asian men are sitting or standing around a small square table.
Some men are having a planning meeting in a room.
A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly.
A blonde boy in a white shirt.
A man and a woman walk at a flea market.
The deals can be found at flea markets.
A man and a woman walk at a flea market.
The couple are shopping for deals.
A group of people, including one man carrying a silver tripod, stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns.
The building is historical.
Eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction.
The tourists stood at the railing looking down at the city
Eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction.
The tourists were on a bus tour
A group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider, and a woman is walking by herself off to the right.
The group is taking a tour.
Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings.
The man loves to play music for people.
Little boy peering into a glass display case.
A trophy is in the case
A man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard.
The guards are watching a suspicious man
Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings.
The children playing in the sand all know each other.
Four small children playing in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand.
Four children who live in a large building are in the courtyard playing.
A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water.
The dog wants to play.
A man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance.
A man is watching his son playing on the swingset.
A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the air.
The snowboarder has never tried this jump before.
there's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five children, three of which are making faces.
the family is trying to take a family picture
An emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.
An emergency worker works at a crash scene.
The young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.
A girl is playing outside on a swing.
The young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.
The girl is swinging at the park.
A man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech.
a drunk talks loudly at a wedding
A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall.
A woman walks past a wall of graffiti on her way to the bookstore.
A man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand.
The helicopter is black.
A man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits.
a man takes a picture of the pile of fruits
A man in a striped shirt standing behind a large pile of fruits.
a man stands in front of a small banana pile
A woman wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her cellphone.
A woman is looking at a text on her cell phone.
A person attempts to rope a black cow while riding a horse.
The person is riding a brown horse.
A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man.
A group of people listen carefully to a boy being interviewed.
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.
A man interviews a child about his view on terrorism and Barney.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
The two dogs belong to the lady.
A child being watched while getting something out of a tank.
The tank is filled with water.
A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands.
A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands, and a brick in the other.
A young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away.
The young man jumping against the wall is hispanic.
A young man dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away.
The young man dressed with a yellow tie is dancing at a party.
A boy watches a woman walking amidst many concrete boxes.
A boy admires a woman.
A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking.
The man is talking to himself.
An African-American male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board.
A boy is riding to the store to get some candy.
A skier is heading into a grove of trees.
The man, an amateur skier, has tried a ski run that is too hard and is careening out of control down the hill.
A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill.
A golden animal bounds across the snow-covered plateau.
A woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes, carrying a white umbrella, stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby.
This woman is going to get married.
A woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes, carrying a white umbrella, stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby.
The woman is modeling a wedding dress.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire.
A guy in pants and shirt wearing a face mask to breath through fools around with a fire.
People landscaping and gardening the areas around the walkway.
People are planting daisies
two men play basketball.
Two friends are playing a game of Horse in basketball
women's soccer team competing on the field.
The women are winning the soccer game.
Kids play in the water in the middle of the street.
Kids are laughing and playing.
A woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight.
A woman takes a much needed nap
a man walks on the icy sidewalk.
The man almost slipped earlier.
A group of people wait to cross the street in new york
Some of the people are wearing sunglasses.
Two boys, surrounded by paper pieces, hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bag.
The friends are playing with paper and bags.
A bearded man sits near a white van.
A man waiting for someone near a white van.
The football player prepares to kick the ball.
The football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the kickoff.
A man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him.
A mime is performing for a group in the park.
A man in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a bowling lane with Tecate ads.
The man has rental shoes on.
A little girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade.
A small girl is in the parade for the marching band.
A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag.
The man is brown is getting his wallet to pay the man in the jacket.
Girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar
A girl plays guitar and sings for a crowd.
A man is smiling at a woman in a white dress.
The man knows the woman.
A man is smiling at a woman in a white dress.
The man is friendly.
An impoverished person, wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes, is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water.
A homeless man wearing torn clothing is looking for food among the trash in the river.
The older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.
A woman is using a hammer to make something.
A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled "LUCKY" full of bills.
A woman who just won the jackpot at the casino poses for a picture.
A woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books.
the woman is white
A woman in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on.
A woman is enjoying a meal before bed
Three kids in a forest standing on a tree log.
Children enjoying nature.
Three kids in a forest standing on a tree log.
Children crossing stream in forest.
A man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown.
a man at a restaurant waiting for his wife
Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post.
A group of girls shake pom poms.
A man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk.
The man is looking to sell things.
A group of people look to the side and a boy starts to run.
The boy was caught stealing.
A man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk.
A woman and a man block the entire sidewalk.
A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background.
A girl is on stage entertaining the crowd with her hula hoop dance
A man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone.
A colonel speaks into the microphone.
Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an older building.
Some window washers are preparing to start work.
A couple sits in the grass.
A couple is having a picnic.
A woman is petting a dog outside.
A woman is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick.
Two men in karate gear using fighting sticks.
two karate men sparring with sticks for a competition
A young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard.
The man in the gray t-shirt pulls little green men out of beard; too much drinking, I guess.
A young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard.
The gentleman in the t-shirt really shouldn't drink so much beer, as now he has little green pieces of something in his beard.
Four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer.
The boy is wearing shin guards.
A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water.
The duck spread its wings to fly when it heard a gunshot.
A little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles.
A child at a party.
A little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles.
Making a wish.
Man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck.
The two people are romantically involved.
A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant.
A woman prepare a lunch in restaurant
Two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work.
Tall humans working.
A older man in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair.
A busker is wearing a hat.
Family members standing outside a home.
They own the home.
Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy.
The gondola operators are taking a work break.
Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy.
The gondola operators are in uniform.
A boy drags his sled through the snow.
a boy drags a sled up the hill
A man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer.
Two men are playing on a street corner.
A female dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her picture.
A girl is dancing and anothe man take a photo
Two women are observing something together.
Two women are looking at a flower together.
A man in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom.
A man is teaching science in a classroom.
