Two women are embracing while holding to go packages.
The sisters are hugging goodbye while holding to go packages after just eating lunch.
Two young children in blue jerseys, one with the number 9 and one with the number 2 are standing on wooden steps in a bathroom and washing their hands in a sink.
Two kids at a ballgame wash their hands.
A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event held in the city of Angeles
A man selling donuts to a customer during a world exhibition event while people wait in line behind him.
Two young boys of opposing teams play football, while wearing full protection uniforms and helmets.
boys scoring a touchdown
A man in a blue shirt standing in front of a garage-like structure painted with geometric designs.
A man is repainting a garage
Under a blue sky with white clouds, a child reaches up to touch the propeller of a plane standing parked on a field of grass.
A child is reaching to touch the propeller out of curiosity.
Two men on bicycles competing in a race.
Men are riding bicycles on the street.
A young boy in a field of flowers carrying a ball
boy leaving baseball game
A senior is waiting at the window of a restaurant that serves sandwiches.
A man is looking to order a grilled cheese sandwich.
Man in a black suit, white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him.
A tall person in a suit
Two women having drinks and smoking cigarettes at the bar.
Women are celebrating at a bar.
At an outdoor event in an Asian-themed area, a crowd congregates as one person in a yellow Chinese dragon costume confronts the camera.
A crowd is dancing
At an outdoor event in an Asian-themed area, a crowd congregates as one person in a yellow Chinese dragon costume confronts the camera.
A crowd is in front of a camera
Two doctors perform surgery on patient.
Two doctors are performing surgery on a man.
A white dog with long hair jumps to catch a red and green toy.
A white chihuahua mix with long curly hair is jumping to catch a red and green toy bone.
Kids are on a amusement ride.
Kids ride their favorite amusement ride.
A man in a black shirt is playing golf outside.
A man plays on a golf course to relax.
A older gentleman finds it humorous that he is getting his picture taken while doing his laundry.
a blond man laughs while doing laundry
An Indian woman is washing and cleaning dirty laundry at a lake and in the background is a kid who appears to have jumped into the lake.
An Indian woman is doing laundry for her son in the lake.
A man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him.
They both fall to the ground.
A group of onlookers glance at a person doing a strange trick on her head.
Onlookers are impressed by the trick.
The middle eastern woman wearing the pink headscarf is walking beside a woman in a purple headscarf.
These two women are friends.
A taxi SUV drives past an urban construction site, as a man walks down the street in the other direction.
A taxi SUV races to pick up some clients while a man walks peacefully in the other direction.
People wearing red shirts are standing in a large pool of water as it splashes over and around them.
A tall person in a shirt
A man in a white t-shirt takes a picture in the middle of the street with two public buses in the background.
A man is taking photos while on tour in nyc
A shirtless man is singing into a microphone while a woman next to him plays an accordion.
He is Polish.
Women and children sitting outside in the shade while a group of younger children sitting inside in the shade.
It is very sunny outside.
A pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her.
A lady is participating in a talent show.
A little boy in a blue shirt holding a toy.
Boy dressed in blue carrying toy to a toybox.
A woman is writing something on a post-it note which is hanging on a bulletin board with a lot of other post-it notes.
The woman is writing a grocery list.
A girl swings high in the air.
A girl is gaining momentum to flip off the swing
A view of the back of a woman having a beverage.
woman drinks a beer
A lady sitting on a bench that is against a building and under a poster of a man in a uniform waving.
A tall person sitting
A man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle.
The man is trying to pick out what cereal to choose.
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting on the steps outside, reading a magazine.
The man is reading tips on how to be a better boy friend.
A woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red, white, and blue cloth.
She is weaving an american flag
Two black little boys hanging over an upside down bicycle, one examining the pedal.
the children are outside.
A brown a dog and a black dog in the edge of the ocean with a wave under them boats are on the water in the background.
The dogs are out to catch fish.
A group of people prepare hot air balloons for takeoff.
There are hot air balloons on the ground and air.
Men stand on steps leading out of a body of water
Men are standing by a docked boat.
A group of young people with instruments are on stage.
People are performing as a band for a crowd.
A group of young people with instruments are on stage.
People are playing music.
A long-beaked bird in mid-flight.
A bird chasing an insect.
A young boy with black hair is holding onto a gun which is secured to a vehicle which is being driven by a young man who is wearing a bright pink shirt.
The boy is outside and running from cops.
A young boy with black hair is holding onto a gun which is secured to a vehicle which is being driven by a young man who is wearing a bright pink shirt.
The young boy is completing a heist.
A young boy with black hair is holding onto a gun which is secured to a vehicle which is being driven by a young man who is wearing a bright pink shirt.
The bank has just been robbed.
A man in the middle east with a corn-on-the-cob cart selling corn.
An old middle eastern man is selling corn-on-the-cob from his brother's cart.
Colorfully dressed people walk down the center of the road, with onlookers behind a barricade.
A group of people walking past a group of civilian spectators.
A woman is talking on the phone while standing next to a dog.
A woman is walking her dog.
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling.
The boys are all wearing yellow.
Three young boys one is holding a camera and another is holding a green toy all are wearing t-shirt and smiling.
The boy is crouching down to take a picture.
5 women sitting around a table doing some crafts.
Five friends sit at a table.
Street performer with bowler hat and high boots performs outside.
The man is performing a magic act.
A young boy playing in the grass.
The boy is playing make believe.
Two men playing baseball with the one in the black and red jersey running toward base.
The man in black and red is about to score the winning run.
A man and a woman are looking at produce on display.
A man and women are staring at heads of lettuce.
People are throwing tomatoes at each other.
The men are covered in tomatoes.
People standing in line of a beer and curry line.
People happily standing in line
A man and a woman are talking in a park
The couple discuss their financial future in the park.
A small ice cream stand with two people standing near it.
Two people in line to buy icecream.
Number 916 is hoping that he is going to win the race.
A person is betting that he will win  the race.
Girl plays with colorful letters on the floor.
The girl is spelling out her favorite words with colored letters.
Two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street.
The two men are cooking food for the block party.
A man wandering in the desert as the clouds roll in.
A man and a camel wonder in the desert.
A white-haired man with a mustache and glasses in a business suit stands outside at a podium marked with the seal of the US House of Representatives, surrounded by many people, with a columned building behind him.
The man is getting ready to speak.
A man running a marathon talks to his friend.
A man and his friend are running a marathon together.
A lot of people walking outside a row of shops with an older man with his hands in his pocket is closer to the camera.
People are looking through the shops for stuff to buy.
A barefooted adolescent boy in a yellow shirt reaching the top of a small skateboarding ramp.
the boy is five
A man waterskies with a life jacket.
A lifeguard races across the water.
A man waterskies with a life jacket.
The man is enjoying the ocean.
A group of children enjoy their time on the beach.
Children are swimming at the beach.
A group of people sit on benches at a park outside a building.
The people sit together.
A group of people sit on benches at a park outside a building.
The people wait for the bus to come.
A small baby, possibly a newborn is being bathed by a person in blue scrubs wearing protective gloves.
The person bathing the small baby is the mother.
An asian woman sitting outside an outdoor market stall.
A woman is selling stuff in a flea market.
An older gentleman enjoys a scenic stroll through the countryside.
An old man searches for a good place to die.
A middle-aged man is sitting indian style outside holding a folded paper in his hands.
A middle aged man is showing off his origami creation.
A nun uses her camera to take a photo of an interesting site.
A nun using her camera to take pictures of various things outdoors.
A nun uses her camera to take a photo of an interesting site.
A nun taking photos of a interesting site outside.
A man sits in a chair on the sidewalk in front of a huge display of brightly colored artwork.
The man was selling the artwork
A young child is jumping into the arms of a woman wearing a black swimming suit while in a pool.
Mother catching her son in a pool.
A guy waxing a wooden floor with wax.
the guy is paid
A man uses a projector to give a presentation.
A man is giving a presentation in front of a large crowd.
An older gentleman speaking at a podium.
A man giving a speech
An older gentleman speaking at a podium.
The college dean giving the graduation speech
A young barefoot girl in a pink dress is jumping outside.
A little girl is playing jump rope.
Four guys with guns and army gear.
The four guys are in the army.
A man poses for a photo in front of a Chinese building by jumping.
The man has experience in taking photos.
A boy looks surly as his father looks at the camera.
a younger boy looks at his father
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
A boy rolls around an inflatable ride.
A man is reading a newspaper in a car dealership.
The man is waiting for his car to be serviced.
Two male police officers on patrol, wearing the normal gear and bright green reflective shirts.
The two officers have gotten a call about a fight.
A carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area.
A man stands on one foot with his wife near the beach.
A man wearing a white shirt is playing the drums.
A man in a band is playing the drums.
Three women in dress suits walk by a building.
The suits are gray.
two people are waiting for a train at a station.
They will both get onto the same train together.
A man in a black shirt is smiling at a woman in a black shirt what a tattoo and a eye brow ring.
A man is smiling at his wife.
A goalie in white runs for an approaching ball while the opponent in red who kicked it waits.
The goalie is running out to catch the ball before it passes him into the goal.
kids drawing something on paper
The kids are drawing pictures of animals.
A young woman is singing into a microphone.
The woman is in a band.
Three elephants, each carrying a group of people, walking through the water.
The elephants are part of a jungle tour.
A diver is swimming with a turtle.
A sick turtle is swimming by a diver.
A man with a beard skateboarding and a boy with a blue and black backpack riding a green bike in the background.
There is a man with a gray beard skateboarding.
A young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft.
A young boy and his friend admire the vintage aircraft.
Indian people dressed in magnificent bright colors conduct a ritual.
Indian people having a ritual for a birthday celebration
Two little girls ride an inflatable dinghy down a purple water slide.
Sisters squeal in delight as the go down the slide.
A restaurant front line, with a warmer in the front and a person in a red Coca Cola shirt cooking.
The person is cooking a hamburger.
A woman walks by a brick building that's covered with graffiti.
The woman's son drew some of the graffiti.
Two men are in an electronics workshop, working on computers or equipment.
The two men are electronics enthusiasts.
Two men are in an electronics workshop, working on computers or equipment.
The men are experts when it comes to electronics.
Young girl with dark hair facing camera and holding a paper bag while wearing an orange shirt and multicolored butterfly wings.
A young girl faces the camera while holding a lunch bag.
A boy in overalls blows bubbles.
A boy in overalls is playing with bubbles outside.
Two children playing on the floor with toy trains.
The children played on the floor with their new christmas toys.
Three men in a science lab watch one of them hold a burning object, one man on the side is reaching for the ground.
The men in the science lab are performing a science experiment on fruit flies.
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string.
the animal is a puppy
Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets.
The ocean is calm
Two boys stand in an ocean as the sun sets.
The boys are surfing
Group yoga class exercising.
A group of people holding various positions for a period of time.
Group yoga class exercising.
Half of the yoga group are female.
Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival.
The four girls are dancing along to the song playing on the loud speaker.
A small group of children are standing in a classroom and one of them has a foot in a trashcan, which also has a rope leading out of it.
Some kids in a classroom play a game with a trashcan.
A child is looking out of a door.
The door is open.
A boy in a baseball cap jumps over a flight of stairs.
A guy inside.
A man is sitting in on the side of the street with brass pots.
A man is playing with the brass pots
A man in a blue windbreaker jacket, laying face down on a park bench, with a liquor bottle nestled by one of the bench's legs.
A Black man is passed out on a park bench from drinking.
A woman is using clothespins to hang up laundry outside on a laundry line.
A woman is hanging her laundry in the sun.
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth.
The dog is brown.
A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
The boy is wearing a green shirt
The little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street.
The boy is getting dirty as he plays in the muddy puddles.
Four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing Elmo from Sesame Street.
Four males are sitting indoors because it's raining.
Dinner and decisions, with the crew.
the crew was celebrating a birthday
Woman wearing a white donkey costume while talking to a man.
A woman is wearing a Halloween costume.
A boy and a girl in jackets gaze in a clothing store window.
Two kids are looking for something to purchase for mothers day.
People dressed in costumes walking down a street.
People dressed up in costumes preparing to rob a house.
A person in a blue plaid shirt is writing on a chalkboard.
The person is wearing blue jeans.
This mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble, and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat.
The mother, daughter, and granddaughter are out in the middle of the day.
A large group of people are gathered outside of a brick building lit with spotlights.
The people are going to a concert.
A man plays the french horn as his pianist plays the supporting melody on stage.
A man and his pianist are performing their final tribute to Zelda.
A man with a white towel wrapped around the lower part of his face and neck.
He doesn't want hair to land on his neck.
Man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him.
The man was walking to meet a friend.
Two boys are holding red kites with water in the background.
An ocean is behind a couple about to fly red kites
Dog herding cows
The dogs are trying to get the cows inside a barn.
Men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden.
They are admiring the beautiful flowers in the garden.
a man is swimming inside of a pool
the person is in the water playing.
a little girl sitting in a seat.
She is in a chair.
A black and brown dog walks in the shallows of a large body of water.
The dog is with its owner.
A man jumping sideways in the ocean.
The man is enjoying a vacation at a beach resort and decides to take a swim in the ocean.
A woman with a bright red umbrella is jumping high in the air, she has on a knit hat and black shirt and colorful boots.
A woman in colorful boots is jumping over a large puddle in the street.
Three men with blue jerseys try to score a goal in soccer against the other team in white jerseys and their goalie in green.
The goalie is one of the best, and it is hard for the men on the other team to score.
A dog leaps into the air in a grassy field surrounded by trees.
A puppy jumps up to catch a ball.
A man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose.
The man and girl are doing some home maintenance.
Three girls are standing together in a room, one is listening, one is writing on a wall and the third is talking to them.
The girls are classmates.
A man is sitting outside wearing blue pants.
The person is on the ground.
A woman is looking into a mirror, brushing her hair.
she is getting ready for a night out.
A little baby with dirty fingers and smudges on her face points to her blue eye.
A baby is playing in the mud.
A couple sitting in white lawn chairs are smiling at the camera.
A man and woman pose for engagement photos.
Five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo.
A group of cowboys are sitting on horses.
Nine women in white robes with hoods walk on plush, green grass.
The women are wearing flip flops.
A man in a blue shirt is in a lab looking into a microscope.
A man is on job in the lab
Masked actors perform traditional Japanese theater.
They are in Japan.
A man in a green Celtic sleeveless jersey shirt and short stone washed jean shorts sitting and eating.
The man is a Celtics fan.
A middle-aged man's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which does n't look like a bathroom.
a man is getting ready for work
Young man walking dog
The man is training the dog.
A woman in a patterned shirt hands a plate of food to another woman in an apron, while two women work in the background.
Maids get ready to clean the house.
A woman in a patterned shirt hands a plate of food to another woman in an apron, while two women work in the background.
Upstanding citizens work at a soup kitchen to benefit the hungry.
a large house with three stories and 3 matching balconies, with one person standing on each balcony overlooking onlookers.
The house is by the beach.
One woman with a dark coat on walking by herself in a city.
The woman is walking on a sidewalk.
A man with a hat, boots, and brown pants, is playing the violin outside in front of a black structure.
A street performer is playing the violin, hoping for donations.
Two people embrace on the end of a dock.
These two are a married couple.
Two kids are standing in the ocean hugging each other.
Two kids enjoy their day at the beach.
A crowd of people are watching hot air balloons inflate.
People watching hot air balloons inflating to prepare for a trip.
A little girl with a hat sits between a woman's feet in the sand in front of a pair of colorful tents.
The girl is related to the woman.
A dog licks his nose.
A brown dog is licking his nose.
A man and women are dancing together on the street.
A man and woman are dancing together in the rain.
A brown dog is laying on his side on a beige carpet, with a green object in the foreground.
The dog has his favorite toy next to him as he lay down.
A girl with brown hair and a brown shirt is building a gingerbread house.
The girl is going to eat the gingerbread house after she finishes it.
A black dog in front of a waterfall.
A dog is drinking from a stream.
A group of power workers at the site of a car crash.
A car has crashed into a power pole.
A group of power workers at the site of a car crash.
The power workers are trying to restore power.
A girl in a striped black and white sweater holds on to her friend who is bent over wearing a hooded black sweater and torn blue jeans.
The girl is wearing jeans.
Two girls with long brown hair sit on the floor with a view from the window behind them showing a town.
Two girls with straight long brown hair sit on the floor
Man in a military outfit handing something in a plastic bag to a group of children outside near a brown building.
A group of children receiving a gift.
A man and a woman sit on a deck under a blue sky that is about to be overtaken by tumultuous clouds.
The man and woman sitting under the blue sky are having a good time.
Two women stand on a beach and perform stretches or yoga together, facing towards the water and away from the camera.
One lady is teaching another lady how to do a downward dog pose.
People in a grocery store crowd around to watch a Tv, except one man who walks toward the camera.
The people are watching a soccer game.
A black man, wearing a cap, is sitting in a bus.
A guy is headed home after a visit to the doctor's office.
A man is walking away from tents with the word Camden on them.
The man works for the campy supply company "Camden".
Two women with badges are watching something.
Two officers see something suspect.
A happy boy is jumping in front OD city fountain.
The boy is playing with his friends.
A boy walking away from two Camden tents with a group of people behind him.
A person leaving a tent with his friends
A man rides a kicking bull in a bullpen.
The man is in a competition for bullriding.
Two kids on a boat, one with a paddle, and the other on the edge wearing a life vest.
Two kids are boating in the Indian Ocean.
Two basketball players in black and white outfits are standing on a basketball court, talking.
The two basketball players are talking about an upcoming strategy.
A man and a woman hug on a grassy hillside overlooking the countryside in the distance.
The man and woman are a couple.
A man and a young boy are eating on a city sidewalk next to a cardboard box and a red shopping cart.
father is eating with his son on a city sidewalk
A young blond girl dressed in pink is lying on the floor next to some brown dominoes.
a girl lays next to dominos on monday
A man is holding a both a sleeping toddler and a sleeping baby on his lap.
A father holds his two sleeping children.
People on a concrete area taking pictures.
people posting pics on facebook
A woman rock-climbs in a rural area.
The woman is exercising.
A woman rock-climbs in a rural area.
The woman is in great shape.
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car.
A blond woman shows her profile in front of a white luxury car for instagram.
A musical group performing on a green carpet in front of small televisions.
A rock band is performing in an electronics store.
An older woman on the computer
Woman using her personal computer.
An older woman on the computer
Woman playing World of Warcraft on her computer.
An older woman on the computer
Woman learning to use her personal computer.
A woman in a gray shirt working on papers at her desk.
Young lady busy with her work in office
A woman in a gray shirt working on papers at her desk.
Lady working in her desk tensely to completed the task
Three workers are trimming down trees.
the workers are men
A young girl plays with a neon-colored Slinky in a crowd of people on a street lined with flags.
The girl is five years old.
A young man attempts to pole vault over a bar, barely inches away from it mid flight.
A young man competes in the Olympics in the pole vaulting competition.
People sit around a circular bar.
friends sit at a bar
A woman is holding a sign that says honk to indict bush.
The woman has a mullet.
Police officer with riot shield stands in front of crowd.
A police officer stands in front of a crowd that formed after the local team won the championship.
A girl is using an apple laptop with her headphones in her ears.
While listening to classical music through her headphones the girl work on her computer
A boy is standing at the edge of a wave with the sun setting or rising in the background.
A boy goes surfing for the first time.
Several men in protective suits are rolling a man on a gurnee.
A man is being taken into the hospital
A construction worker is standing on a crane placing a large arm on top of a stature in progress.
A tall person standing
Two Asian children, a boy and a girl, the girl looking squarely at the camera and the boy making a face.
the children are taking model pictures
A man is jumping unto his filthy bed.
The man is dirty.
A gentlemen dressed in a purple shirt with a red apron selling items to eat at a sport event held during the day in the summer time.
There is a human selling hot dogs.
Multiple women are wearing middle eastern outfits of gold, blue, yellow and red and performing a dance.
The women are on a stage.
a couple is walking down the sidewalk with their dog.
A couple is walking their dog to the market.
Young players engage in the sport of Water polo while others watch.
Kids are competing at a swim meet.
Sidewalk vendor dressed in white shirt brown pants sells grilled corn.
The corn came straight from the field by truck
Taller runner in orange and smaller one in blue run side by side around track in crowded stadium.
The two people are competing in a marathon.
man grilling fish on barbecue
The man likes to eat fish.
The quarterback of the UTEP football team is about to be tackled by a member of the Wisconsin defensive team.
The quarterback quickly trows the ball before he is tackled.
A cyclist in neon yellow uniform rides past spectators behind a yellow banner reading "Lotos."
A cyclist is leading the race.
Young man running towards a tennis court while another is waiting in the other side of the net.
A young man is running to grab a tennis ball.
A white-haired man in a white shirt looks at information in an orange-red binder.
A man is reading documents in a binder.
A group of people standing in the snow with a mountain in the background.
People are standing in three feet of snow.
Three children play with a giant sphere on a playground while an adult sits on a bench reading the newspaper.
Some kids are playing outside on a playground while their mother is sitting down.
Three children play with a giant sphere on a playground while an adult sits on a bench reading the newspaper.
A group of children are playing while their teacher watches them.
A black dog jumps over an obstacle.
A dog jumping over a wall to chase a cat
A black dog jumps over an obstacle.
A dog jumping over a wall
A young woman seated at a table on what appears to be a backyard deck holds a toddler, giving him a toy or bottle of some sort, while smiling into the camera.
She is the boy's aunt.
A thrill seeker uses her arms for balance while crossing a beam suspended high above craggy rocks.
A woman crosses a high-wire in a state of complete terror.
A group is gathered outside holding flowers.
The flowers are all red
A woman is standing near the water, looks to be throwing something.
The woman is skipping rocks.
A man dressed in bright colored clothing is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk playing an instrument for cash.
The man is singing on the street corner for money.
A little boy bowls in a carpeted hallway.
A boy is rolling a ball in a hotel hallway.
A young blond woman with braided pigtails and wearing blue biking gear is bicycle racing along a dirt track.
A young blond girl is in the lead for a cross country bicycle race.
A little boy wearing a blue stiped shirt has a party hat on his head and is playing in a puddle.
The little boy is doing a dance in the puddle.
A girl in red dividing colored tabs.
Girl is preparing for next semester.
A young girl kisses a ring-bearing boy at a wedding.
A boy turns his head away as a girl tries to kiss him.
A man with black pants on walks by a wall with unique art painted on it.
A man is in an art museum.
A girl in a pink tank top and her boyfriend sitting on stone steps.
A boy and girl are kissing.
A girl in a pink tank top and her boyfriend sitting on stone steps.
Some people are sitting on stone steps talking.
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A woman riding around the park on a sunny day
A woman is holding a baby by a window.
The woman is looking out the window.
A man and woman are sitting at a table in front of a sign that reads IL PORTO and two wine bottles and two wineglasses are on the table.
Two people participate in a wine tasting.
Two men wrestle on the floor in front of an group of young men.
Two men are wrestling at a meet.
A man wearing a red and white Canadian uniform is riding a racing bike in an arena.
A man wearing a helmet is cycling.
A man wearing a red and white Canadian uniform is riding a racing bike in an arena.
A man is cycling at a velodrome.
A woman wearing a white baseball cap purple coat holding a poster.
A woman is holding a poster, rooting for her favorite team.
A boy rides on a camel in a crowded area while talking on his cellphone.
A boy is talking to his mom as he rides the camel.
A caucasian woman in a blue top and black slacks looks off to the side of the camera with a drink in one hand and a amused look upon her face, while a man sits next to her, looking unamused, drink in one hand, straw in the other.
A woman is having a drink with a friend.
A caucasian woman in a blue top and black slacks looks off to the side of the camera with a drink in one hand and a amused look upon her face, while a man sits next to her, looking unamused, drink in one hand, straw in the other.
A man and woman are having drinks in a bar.
There are three men in this picture, two are on motorbikes, one of the men has a large piece of furniture on the back of his bike, the other is about to be handed a piece of paper by a man in a white shirt.
A man is receiving a contract.
Two black dogs are frolicking around the grass together.
Two dogs chase each other in the high grass.
A man wearing a yellow striped shirt laughs while seated next to another man who is wearing a light blue shirt and clasping his hands together.
One man laughs at a funny joke his friend told.
Two men dressed in black practicing martial arts on a gym floor.
Two men are training in jeet kun do on the gym floor.
A young man in a white and pink striped shirt is riding in a horse and buggy down a paved road.
A man is seraching for something
The woman is holding up the line with the fish that she caught in the lake with her bamboo fishing pole.
The fish is very large.
A woman wearing gray pants, a white blouse and a black vest is jumping with one hand in the air as she goes through an indoor stadium.
The female stadium worker jumps for joy as she leaves her long tiring shift.
A shirtless man wearing a black hat and a scarf works on an anvil.
A man does his first anvil work.
A brunette woman in a multicolored floral outfit and a pearl necklace is talking while holding a wineglass.
a woman enjoys red wine
A soldier is handing a picture to a woman holding a Donald Duck bag.
A soldier hands a woman a picture of himself at Disney World.
A young boy in a gray and white striped shirt is playing guitar.
A little boy is playing guitar on stage.
Professional women at the registration table of an event while men in suits look on.
People gather for a conference.
A male soccer player has his foot extended as if he has just kicked the soccer ball while the ball flies through the air.
The man has kicked the soccer ball towards the goal.
A man and a girl are both looking at something of interest.
A man and his daughter watch dogs play outdoors
A woman walks on a sidewalk wearing a white dress with a blue plaid pattern.
The woman is walking to buy new clothes.
A man doing maintenance on the railroad tracks
There is an older man doing work on the railroad tracks.
Dog standing in grassy sand dune.
A puppy stands in a sand drift near American dune grass.
People protesting ICE raids in front of a school.
Some people are illegally picketing in front of a building.
Two people work construction on the inside of a house.
The men are all friends
There is a large group of people in front of Papa John's restaurant.
A group of friends is trying to decide if they want to eat pizza.
A girl climbing a rock face.
A girl climbing a rock face beside a dirt trail outside.
A girl climbing a rock face.
A girl climbing a rock face outside.
A crowd watches a group of people dressed in yellow shirts perform.
Spectators watching a group of dancers perform.
A woman in black clothing runs down the street barefoot next to two people on bicycles and a female runner.
The woman running down the street is hispanic.
A man in a Santa Claus costume is sitting on a wooden chair holding a microphone and a stringed instrument.
The man is playing a Christmas concert.
A building that portrays beautiful architecture stands in the sunlight as somebody on a bike passes by.
A bicyclist rides past an intricately designed church on a pretty day
A building that portrays beautiful architecture stands in the sunlight as somebody on a bike passes by.
A bicyclist rides past an abandoned warehouse on a rainy day
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall.
A person in red and black near a brick wall.
A young couple sit on the couch, the woman wearing a blue work shirt, her eyes half closed, while the man sits with his arm around her, looking towards the camera, in a gray shirt.
A newly wed couple sit on the couch
Two people with bags next to a street at night.
The people are together
A medium sized brown dog jumping
A 40 lb brown dog jumps excitedly for a treat.
A man in a white button up shirt, and a man in a brown button up shirt discussing something over a table of food.
Two men talking business over dinner.
Woman being photographed near a bicycle.
The model is posing for a bicycle advertisement.
On the sidewalk, near the store's entrance, a local entertains all, by playing the accordion.
He is hoping for tips.
Several bicycles parked and a couple walking together.
A couple walks toward the bikes they will use to get to their picnic.
A man is on the ground taking his shirt off as a crowd watches.
A male stripper performs for a bachelorette party.
A black dog is drinking next to a brown and white dog that is looking at an orange ball in the lake, whilst a horse and rider passes behind.
Two short haired dogs of different colors drinking by a lake.
A young man in black pants and a gray shirt holds a skateboard with colorful decals upright while sitting on a gray stone block.
The guy is taking a break from the skateboarding competition.
A toddler dressed only in a pamper is sitting on the floor playing with 4 "car" pieces to a train set.
A child plans out his future train empire.
Two teams of children, one green the other red, play each other in a game of Rugby while it rains.
The children rugby team are playing again after a short rain delay.
A man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands, a cloudy sky in the background.
The man and woman are married.
A man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands, a cloudy sky in the background.
The man and woman jumped 20 ft into the air.
Five Women, wearing beautiful, colorful saris, in a circle, dancing with their hands raised and touching.
The women are friends.
Five little boys are playing baseball.
A group of young baseball players having a championship game.
Someone in a red and white uniform is driving a red and white motorcycle down a track with the front wheel in the air.
A man does stunts on a motorcycle.
Someone in a red and white uniform is driving a red and white motorcycle down a track with the front wheel in the air.
A man pops a wheely on a track for onlookers.
A man in yellow, white, and blue bicycle clothing and helmet grimaces as he rides his bicycle.
A man is racing on his bike.
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts.
two older men prepare to enter a store
Two women playing field hockey on AstroTurf.
Women practicing playing on artificial turf for a game.
A goalie tries to catch a ball during a soccer game.
a goalie is trying to catch the game tying ball.
A woman wearing a red dress and head covering is standing outside of a building.
A woman is outside on a cloudy day.
A man in his own world of him and his music just entertaining on the street corner.
A man is enjoying playing music for money.
A man in an orange vest is on the sidewalk playing a guitar and singing while others are walking down the sidewalk.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar on the sidewalk while a woman and a man walk down the sidewalk.
a man doing tricks on a motorcycle
Evil Kneavel shows off for the crowd.
A man in a bar drinks from a pitcher while a man in a green hat looks on and a woman in a black shirt drink from a glass.
The women is drinking water.
A group of children playing and having a good time.
The children are playing tag.
Inside the igloo, the young man gets ready for his overnight stay.
The young man is resting.
Two female basketball teams watch suspenseful as the basketball nears the basket.
Two teams are waiting to see who will win the game.
A man with a Union Jack bag walks briskly past two windows with the words "Mooch Art" on them.
He is on his way to a massage and is running late
A group of girls ride an ATV.
Girls ride ATV's without their helmets.
Man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh.
A couple at a club are laughing at a stand-up comedian dressed like a lumberjack.
A young boy is looking into a silver cellphone while resting his light brown-haired head on top of a resting blond dog's head.
A funny person looking
The man is walking the bride down the aisle.
A bride and her father are walking down a church aisle.
A youngster straddles a small makeshift bench while his companion plays in the doorway nearby.
A kid straddles a bench
A youngster straddles a small makeshift bench while his companion plays in the doorway nearby.
A kid straddles a bench while his brother plays in a doorway
Three people are kayaking in dark waters.
A couple and a guide are whitewater rafting.
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose.
Two children are playing with water in the yard
Two brown dogs with green harnesses play tug-of-war.
some dogs are playing in a ground
Guy in a dark suit, with a cigarette in his right hand while talking on the phone.
The guy in the suit smoking the cig is on his lunch break.
A man in apron and latex glove cleaning the desk tables in a theater type auditorium.
The man cleaning the auditorium is white.
There are two people running around a track in lane three and the one wearing a blue shirt with a green thing over the eyes is just barely ahead of the guy wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses.
Two people are racing on foot.
A young man and young woman wearing backpacks are placing or removing an item from an old white tree snag, with other people standing or sitting in the background.
a man and woman go hiking
A woman stands at a podium with a slide show behind her.
A woman is giving a presentation at work.
A surfer is surfing catches a wave.
A surfer is riding a tsunami wave.
Two people are looking at something in New York City.
A woman looking outside.
Two people are looking at something in New York City.
Two people looking at New York.
Two people are looking at something in New York City.
Two people are enjoying themselves.
A man sleeping on the ground in a subway.
The man is sleeping next to his dog.
Two girls play with origami.
The girls make paper cranes
A photographer snaps a midair action shot of a snowboarder.
The camera is on a tripod.
A man standing in front of a brick building.
A man is outside with a woman.
An adult ballerina shows you children how to dance.
The ballerina is the children's dance instructor.
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses.
Cult members queue up behind their leader.
Two Children playing baseball at the park.
Two children practicing for a ball game in the park.
Two people are sitting next to a wood-stacked campfire at night.
The people are camping in the woods.
A young girl in a white summer dress walks the outer edges of a large park fountain.
The girl is walking the edges on a sunny day.
An older man sitting on a stool on the sidewalk playing a violin.
An old man plays his violin for tips on the sidewalk.
2 woman walking down the street next to graffiti
The grafitti is a picture of a mouse.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
An elderly man is blocking traffic.
A guy singing on stage with a cool black shirt, while turning his microphone to the audience so they can sing along.
A guy is singing a classic rock song on stage along with the audience.
A hot-air balloon getting filled.
A hot-air balloon is being prepared for take off.
An Indian man standing on the bank of a river.
He is fishing.
An Indian man standing on the bank of a river.
There is a black man fishing.
This photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it.
A man and woman walking down a busy street.
This photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it.
A statue is outdoors in a park.
This crib contains a baby, stuffed animals, a box of matches, a cordless drill, a paperback novel, and a blanket.
The baby's older sibling is very mischevious.
Two guys and a woman standing and talking in a playground.
Three adults are standing and thinking about space.
Two guys and a woman standing and talking in a playground.
A couple of guys in the playground are talking with the woman about kids.
A man in a yellow shirt does East Asian calligraphy.
A man does Japanese calligraphy.
Two girls talk at an ice skating rink.
Two friends are trying out for the ice hockey team.
A group of people standing in front of a club.
A group of people are waiting to enter the club.
Balding man in gray sweater plays with his dog.
An older man is throwing a stick for his dog.
The small girl is sitting in a harness, strapped to a tether, while others watch.
The girl in the harness is being rescued from a buring building.
A black dog runs with a deflated ball and a tiny tire.
A dog with his two favorite toys.
People are walking along the street.
The people are walking in a parade.
A man is sitting in a chair and looking at something that he is holding.
A man is sitting in a chair pondering life.
An old women in a purple skirt is gardening with a old tool.
A woman is planting tulips.
Two girls are on a street sidewalk and one is sitting.
girls are watching boys
Women are standing outside
The women are friends.
A motocross rider is slightly airborne on a competition circuit jump.
The motorcross rider is performing in front of an audience.
A guy with long brown curly hair wearing a white t-shirt is looking into the camera with something in his mouth. a
There is a person standing outside
The man in black has a condom on his head.
The man is using a condom as a mask.
A woman is holding one young children with another standing next to her while a man is sitting by a small campfire.
A woman is holding one young children with another standing happily next to her
Four female children gather around a brown table to paint.
Girls are playing outside.
Four female children gather around a brown table to paint.
Girls are at school.
Two girls and a guy are involved in a pie eating contest.
A group is at the county fair.
A couple in bathing suits walk on a beach.
The couple are together
A basset hound is tied to a doorway in an alley in front of a man and woman.
It is their dog.
A man in a plaid shirt and brown pants walking around town with one hand in his pocket.
The man has walking shoes on.
A young man plays a racing video game.
a young man is good at games
A man napping on the ground with a shirt over his eyes with a person standing beside him.
A man sleeping with a red shirt over his eyes.
A woman in a green skirt and white tank top singing into a microphone.
A woman sings on stage.
A man with a gray shirt is rehearsing in front of a empty drum set.
The band's singer rehearses.
A mom and son enjoying a day in the park.
A mom and son enjoying a sunny day
A soccer game in a large area with 8 yellow players and 4 black players.
There is a soccer game with 12 male players.
A child in shorts throws a snowball at a mountain.
A boy is playing in the snow without gloves
Four children are dressed as clowns and dancers on a stage while another two children dressed as clowns are suspended from ropes.
Two children are about to fall out of the ropes.
People are getting money our of an ATM.
People are getting free money from a broken ATM.
Here is a picture of someone doing diagnostics on a vehicle in the dark.
They are holding a notepad.
Young children and parents splashing around a public fountain.
There are families playing in a fountain at the park
A guy on a skateboard, jumping off some steps.
a guy with a skateboard making a jump for the first time
A little girl in a purple cap blows soap bubbles.
A mother watches her daughter blow soap bubbles.
A man and a woman is walking with a dog across a beach
There is a couple.
A woman in a long-sleeved shirt checks her phone as a man in a leather jacket passes behind her.
The man is passing by on his way to the store.
Two little girls play in a fountain.
The two girls are less than 5 years old
A boy is posing next to his scooter.
A boy just got a scooter for his birthday!
Closeup of an elderly woman walking across a street with her male companion.
A man helps a woman cross the street.
Two men wearing brown hats are doing work on a yellow house.
Some men are fixing an old lady's house.
A man and woman and two small children are sitting in the floor with wrapped Christmas presents.
Everyone in the photo are related.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
A dog jumping into the air to catch a Frisbee outdoors.
A football coach guiding one of his players on what he should do.
The player was making too many mistakes.
Man donned in jeans and football jersey prepares a meal complete with mean and beer, at his kitchen counter as the sunlight pours in from the kitchen window.
A young man is preparing a seafood lunch.
A group of young women wearing black dresses stand in a row with three of them holding bouquets.
A group of women with flowers at a wedding.
A girl in a red dress and white sneakers bouncing a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
A girl is practicing her tennis skills.
A waitress is serving customers at a restaurant.
The customers are impressed by the hard work of the waitress.
A man and woman are pictured from behind sitting close together on a couch while they play Nintendo DS
A husband and wife play video games together on a couch.
2 people in blue and purple costumes are looking at each other with a hill in the background.
2 Renaissance fair performers about to tandem juggle
A group of six people, men and women, hold up a pole in the middle of a forest while another woman monitors this action.
The woman monitors this action closely.
A man and his two sons purchase food.
They are cooking a big meal for dinner.
A man is navigating a boat.
A man is steering a large yacht down the lake.
Several people are walking on a street and there is a large, blue crane towering and leaning against a building.
They are walking rapidly away from a crane, which looks like it might tip over.
An older man looks over a younger man wielding an ax chopping wood in a fall setting.
Father and son get firewood for the winter.
An older man looks over a younger man wielding an ax chopping wood in a fall setting.
Men cut down a tree in Central Park for their own use.
A man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a machine in smoky air.
An old man in a hard hat and orange safety vest works on a yellow maching in smokey air.
A young boy slides into home plate while playing little league baseball.
Little one scores game winning home run.
A man in a blue robe walking a herd of camels in the desert.
A man just smuggle a herd of camels.
A man in a blue robe walking a herd of camels in the desert.
A man is carrying water with his herd of camels.
A single file line of children walk in front of a building.
Children in the open.
A single file line of children walk in front of a building.
Children in a line looking a a building.
Three men gathered around a table of pink fish.
Three men are gathered for their weekly meeting.
The tiny girl dressed in a butterfly ballet costume, waves her wand near a nutcracker statue.
A small girl dances in the nutcracker.
A young girl performing the nutcracker.
watched by a group
Male crowd surfing at a concert.
A man is drunk at a concert.
Blue bus parked with back door opened as man in white shirt walk by it.
A guy walks by a bus on his way to work.
A dune buggy with one male passenger gets some air as it drives over a sand dune.
One male passenger is wearing a seatbelt.
A dune buggy with one male passenger gets some air as it drives over a sand dune.
A dune buggy with one male passenger is racing.
Someone holding a bag of oranges walking outside.
Someone is selling oranges
A dog plays with a ball at the beach.
A dog plays with a soccer ball.
This is a picture of three young men, dressed in suits with one on a bike, and of a young lady wearing a white dress.
three guys going to a wedding
A girl and boy are smiling in a green hallway.
The boy and girl are holding hands in the hallway.
A female dancer works on striking a pose.
The woman is being photographed modeling.
A man in a uniform is standing on the beach with a camera in his hands.
Cops film where they found the body
A young girl sitting on a white comforter on a bed covered with clothing, holding a yellow stuffed duck.
The clothes on the comforter are covering a big red stain.
Three people are wading in shallow water near a stone path and spraying fountains.
Three men are wading in the water by the fountains.
A baby smiles while swinging in a blue infant swing.
the baby is a girl
a girl at a wedding holding some orange flowers
A girls is at her sister's wedding and holding orange flowers.
The wrestler in white shorts is preparing to body slam his opponent in black shorts while the referee prepares to jump in.
The wrestler body slams his opponent in order to win the state championship.
A man and a girl sit inside a floating tube in the water.
The water is clear blue.
A welder is working outside by some concrete ruble
A person works on some concrete
A welder is working outside by some concrete ruble
The worker is fixing the concrete structure by welding it back together after the accident
A welder is working outside by some concrete ruble
A welder is attaching two pieces of metal to each other
The surfer crouches low and rides the wave.
The wave is huge.
Two people are walking down an isolated road.
Two humans are walking toward their house.
Person with a black helmet and vest, with a white undershirt, riding on a motorcycle on the street.
A woman rides her motorcycle to the market.
A brown kid wearing jeans and no shirt is weaving a straw rug.
The boy is weaving a rug in the barn.
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree.
A youngster is playing in the woods.
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree.
A boy is climbing a tree in his backyard.
A small child sits in the water, holding on to a bit of wood while smiling for a picture.
There is a redhaired child smiling for a picture.
Three hikers are hiking in a mountain filled with trees and snow.
they are girls there too
A man in an orange shirt looking at his cellphone.
A man reads a text message on his phone.
A man in an orange shirt looking at his cellphone.
A man stands around as he looks at his phone.
a white dog is tugging on a black rope
The dog is playing tug of war.
a white dog is tugging on a black rope
The white dog is trained to pull the rope.
Two toddler girls appear to enjoy basking on a pile of leaves as they smile for the camera.
Two toddlers play on pile of leaves bigger than they are.
A man in a red shirt is sitting at his desk with one leg on the desk, using a computer with two screens set up side by side.
A male is not sitting outside programming his computer.
A man jumps over another man doing a back flip.
Two men are practicing their street routine.
A dirt bike rider riding through the woods over logs.
The dirt bike rider is running from someone.
A girl is posing outside.
A girl is taking a picture.
There is a room full of pictures all in the wall and a woman in a coat is looking back over her shoulders strangely.
the room is large
A girl is feeding a goat.
The girl likes goats.
The front of the cafe must remain free of trash if customers are to be enticed to enter.
Customers are looking at the door of the cafe.
The front of the cafe must remain free of trash if customers are to be enticed to enter.
The doorway to the cafe is littered with trash and debris.
Blurry people walking in the city at night.
People walking to dinner in the city.
A woman with short blond-hair smiling and singing into a microphone while a man in a striped shirt, further back, plays an acoustic guitar.
A woman is singing a Britney Spears song with her brother
A group of people looking at menus in a white restaurant.
The people are celebrating a birthday.
A woman sits in a chair under a tree and plays an acoustic guitar.
A woman is playing a country song on her guitar while her husband in the distance listens.
A person on a bicycle wears a helmet and jumps, soaring over the ground in front of a skyline and lake.
A person doing tricks on a bike to impress their friends.
A person is climbing and has nearly reached the sign at the top
a person climbing a sign to spray paint it
Two little girls and one little boy are running on the grass.
They are playing a game.
A person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach.
The person seeks shelter from the rain.
A boat docked on a river.
The boat is a fishing boat.
Man with black and white hair wearing a white shirt and long boots sweeps outside.
The man is a serial killer
A group of young Asian men who are sans shirts and wearing identical black and white plaid pants with red belts are dancing and waving their arms in the air around a fire.
The men are professional performers.
A woman with blond-hair is sitting at a table and talking to a man with glasses.
A blonde woman sits with her legs crossed.
Two people, one in light jeans and a striped shirt, are playing pool.
THe friends play pool
A man is creating a sand painting on the floor.
A man makes his first sand painting.
Football players on a field in front of a crowd.
There is a crowd watching the football players win
A man plays mini-gold on the SportsCenter set while two others observe.
The man is indoors.
Two dancers in azure appear to be performing in an alleyway.
A couple practice their jazz dance routine in the alleyway.
A well safety equipment biker racing on the trail in a wooded area with number 569 on his bike
A biker goes on to the last lap of the trail
Two monks are visiting a big city.
The monks are looking for new recruits.
A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle.
A man enjoys the outdoors on a rainy day.
A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle.
A man participcating in race.
A young girl in red pants looks at a window mannequin as people walk past.
The girl wants what the mannequin is wearing.
A man curls up in an orange blanket on the street.
A man wrapped in a blanket is shivering outside.
Men playing football.
Some men are playing a game outside.
An African-American football player, wearing jersey number 12 for the University of Oklahoma, throws a football to his left.
The quarterback throws the football to the wide receiver.
Man wearing a mask of an old man.
A man wears a green mask.
A band is playing on a stage while a lady sings.
The band's lead singer performs.
A woman walks down the road in all black as she holds a red umbrella over her head in the rain.
The woman in black is walking home from a funeral in the rain with her red umbrella.
A light brown dog with his tail in the air jumps of a pontoon toward the water.
A dog is fetching a bone.
An older couple is resting on a bench.
A couple is holding hands.
A group of people in white uniforms doing a show in the middle of the street.
People in white are doing a magic show in the street.
Man in leather jacket reading a book.
The jacket is brown
Three men converse in a crowd.
Three men discuss politics in a crowd
Two men one in orange shirt, who is ahead, and one in green shirt running a race.
Two men wearing tags displaying their race numbers
A person wearing a robe and a pointed hat is holding a basket of bananas.
A man has some bananas.
children are playing with a mortar and pistil
Kids are making mud in a pistal.
A crowd gathers along the handrail of a boardwalk to watch young men leap into the air on the beach sand.
Ten young men perform an interpretive dance at the beach.
older men talking and standing around.
The older men are talking about their wives.
A man with white tennis shoes and an orange jacket, is sitting in a lawn chair.
an older man is sitting in a lawn chair
Three women in festive dresses are dancing in a large city street while a large crowd is behind them holding up a banner.
Three women dance in front of protesters
A woman in a blue tank-top rides a blue bicycle in front of a crowd of meandering pedestrians.
A woman narrowly avoids hitting some pedestrians
A crowd of people walking on a pavement at night.
The crowd of people are heading to a sporting event.
A couple is a standing together the woman is adjusting a flower on the man's lapel and they are dressed in wedding apparel.
People are going to a family wedding.
a woman applies makeup to a woman in black.
The woman is a makeup artist.
At a convention, a man takes a phone call behind the booth where he is selling things while others examine his merchandise.
The man is taking an order on the phone.
One man dressed in a martial arts uniform kicks another man dressed the same way in the groin while an umpire and audience looks on.
The man that gets kicked shrieks in pain.
Man walking in front of Queen and Portland Lofts and Condominiums.
A man is looking for a place to live.
Man walking in front of Queen and Portland Lofts and Condominiums.
A person is walking outside.
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair on the sidewalk reading a book.
A man is reading outdoors in a big city.
A man in a beige trench coat is walking in the rain.
A man in a beige trench coat walks quickly in the rain with his dog.
A man and a woman are walking next to a flower display case and an escalator.
A brother and his sister are walking.
A young female student, wearing an owl t-shirt, works on an experiment by filling her test tubes.
The student is a chemistry major.
An old man and a child walk together along a pathway near a building.
Two people are walking together to the park.
A woman prays while a young girl lights a fire
The girl is lighting a fire to roast marshmallows.
Two men pause on a rock while hiking in barren terrain.
Two men are hiking on a sunny day.
A young dark-haired woman crouches on the banks of a river while washing dishes.
A woman washes dishes in the river while camping.
A man and woman are drinking at a bar.
A couple is out on a date
A person performing a snowboarding trick on a high mountain.
A man is beating his friend in a snowboarding race.
A person performing a snowboarding trick on a high mountain.
A human being is snowboarding and doing tricks.
Five people in cowboy hats are on horses at a rodeo show.
Cowboys are competing at the rodeo.
A bunch of people are walking in a crowded area.
A bunch of people are walking in a mall.
A bunch of people are walking in a crowded area.
A bunch of people are walking in a field.
Four females wearing helments are riding on an ATV.
Four women are riding an ATV on a mountain.
A race dog numbered six is midair.
The six is green
A young man is riding a dirt bike while standing up.
The young man standing on the dirt bike is performing a stunt.
A man and three kids walk up a paved hill.
A man walks his children home from school.
A little girl in brown is playing with two hula-hoops.
The girl has a ponytail.
A man walking in a crowd, draped in a Canadian flag.
A man walks through the football stadium draped in a Canadian flag.
Man with mustache plays violin.
The man is serenading a couple at a restaurant.
A woman in a yellow shirt seated at a table.
A woman is getting ready to enjoy a 5 course meal.
Two black dogs on a snow covered ground, the ground appears blue in the background, one dog is jumping with feet off the ground.
The temperature is below zero.
A man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background
A man is trying to win a game
Little girl eating cake outside.
Little girl is having a birthday party.
Two cyclist a man and a woman enjoy a leisurely bike ride on the cobblestone path.
The couple is biking through Central Park.
A man in a red shirt entering an establishment.
Bob walked into the store.
A man in a red shirt entering an establishment.
Bob was  shopping.
Several men are sitting around a parking lot.
The people are tailgaiting.
A person jumps off of a cliff into the water below as others watch.
They were glad to watch.
A person jumps off of a cliff into the water below as others watch.
She made a great dive.
A male hiker wearing a brown hat is standing next to a triangular monument on the top of a mountain.
A man exercises outdoors.
A male hiker wearing a brown hat is standing next to a triangular monument on the top of a mountain.
A man hides his bald spot under a hat.
A woman in a blue jacket is drinking tea from a cup.
A woman wearing a blue jacket and black pants is drinking tea.
People working digging a hole.
People are using shovels and trowels to dig a hole.
A man is looking affected by results from his poker game.
The man lost the game
Four young people stand in a circle conversing, while a man in white button-down shirt, coral colored pants and green hand bandage stands to the side.
The four young people hate their teacher
Two men play basketball.
Two men are competing for the last spot on the basketball team.
A hiker pokes his head out of a tent high in the mountains.
The hiker heard a noise.
A middle-aged woman pretends to be a DJ as younger people point.
A middle-aged woman is trying to make younger people laugh by pretending to be a DJ.
A young child wearing a pink top is with a female adult.
A child is with their mother.
A young woman wearing a black shirt and black shorts jumps in the air at the beach.
A women exercising at the beach.
A woman building herself a sand castle.
a women is helping a kid make a sand castle
The elderly bus driver opening the door for a passenger who needs to get off.
The elderly black driver opens the bus doors.
Outdoors in front of a crowd, a man plays an instrument by blowing into pipes he holds up to his face.
An old man playing an instrument for a bunch of boyscouts at an outdoor concert.
A man performs in an outdoor space, with a lot of onlookers.
The man is doing magic tricks.
A Person in a dark shirt and shorts and a white helmet is jumping a bicycle over a mound of dirt.
A kid jumps a bike over a dirt ramp.
A man on a scenic canoe trip.
A man is enjoying his trip.
Two race car drivers smile on a stage next to a female spokes model wearing a white dress and white and blue boots.
Two race car drivers are waiting for the award ceremony to end
A man is leaning out of a window to paint some decorative iron white.
A man is is enjoying painting.
Two people sit facing away in a downtown scene with a motorcycle parked in front of a pool
The pair have motorcycled down Rt. 1 in CA and are enjoying a quick meal before heading back up the road.
A fisherman with his friend is setting up his pole.
Two brothers  fishing together for the first time in decades.
A US Air-force member is handing off a little girl and her toy unicorn to a local citizen.
A soldier has just saved a little girl and her toy.
A young male child, wearing khaki pants and a red striped polo shirt, sitting on a steel slide in a public playground.
A young child playing alone.
A young male child, wearing khaki pants and a red striped polo shirt, sitting on a steel slide in a public playground.
A young child playing outdoors.
A cyclist is performing a jump next to a black advertising banner.
A man is in competing in a bicycle trick competition.
Reflections of people walking in a big city.
A group of workers walk to their downtown jobs.
A young child is washing his hands with soap in the kitchen.
A child washes his hands in the kitchen before having dinner.
A man is on the side of a mountain and hiking around huge rocks.
The man is hiking up the side of the mountain to save his friend who got stuck at the top.
A little girl in a blue dress and white shoes is sitting on her red toy tractor, in a dirt road near a fence.
The girl is bored.
A little girl in a blue dress is sitting on a red you tractor.
A girl is using a tractor to get a better view.
a blue and gray race car driving on a dirt track.
A race car is turning a corner on a dirt track.
A woman wearing a pink dress with gold around the midsection is standing in between two rows of people at a banquet.
A women in in a room that has food.
A woman wearing a pink dress with gold around the midsection is standing in between two rows of people at a banquet.
A woman holding a plate is waiting in line for the food table.
A man smiles while he holds a newborn in a church pew.
A father is holding his baby at church.
A brown dog is trying to retrive his orange ball that has fallen in a dirt hole.
A dog is trying to get a ball back for his master.
A man in a white button-up shirt looks to the side while sitting at a table by the street.
A man begins to get nervous while waiting for his date to arrive.
A young girl in a pretty pink and white blouse and shorts is participating in a soccer game with other children.
A girl is running towards the camera kicking a soccer ball away from other kids.
A man is signing a guitar, whose owner is smiling and has a hat with lights attached to it.
A famous singer is autographing a fan's guitar.
A young man is pushing a lawn mower to mow the grass.
A young man wearing blue clothes pushes a lawn mower through a field.
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water.
The blue jacket is a life jacket.
Six children at a table with a green tablecloth, five female, one male, looking at the camera, plates and condiments at the table, two empty chairs, and red roses in the background
The kids all have food on their plates.
A woman in a white hat and red dress holding hands with a man in a black jacket with a flower in his upper pocket.
The woman is wearing high heels.
A group of woman wearing scarves on their heads crowd together next to a building.
A group of muslims standing outside
A little girl planting her first flower in the sand.
The little girl is excited.
A person with an electric drill doing something to a toy animal.
The toy is wooden
A person with an electric drill doing something to a toy animal.
The person is making a hole.
A girl in blue rides a horse over a tall jump.
A girl is racing with her horse with her brother.
A horse and rider are in midair as they leap over an obstacle in a wooded area with another photographer snapping pictures.
A person is riding a show horse for a competition.
A person with a camera holds the hand of a woman wearing a cap.
People waiting for a picture to be taken.
A man and women walk atop a hill.
The man and woman are dating.
At a little league baseball game, an umpire calls "safe" as a player crosses home.
A player is winning a baseball game.
An old dusty car is half way in the brown water.
Someone wrecked their car a long time ago.
A long-haired brown and white dog carries a snowball in his mouth.
A dog carries a snowball to give it to his owner.
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth.
The dog is catching a Frisbee.
A brown dog with a purple Frisbee in its mouth.
A dog and owner are playing Frisbee outside.
A young man in jogging slacks is checking information on his mobile devise while listening to something on a crowded commuter rail car.
a man gets an important text while jogging
A young man in jogging slacks is checking information on his mobile devise while listening to something on a crowded commuter rail car.
The young man has an Apple mobile device.
An african american woman with 2 young girls.
There is a mother with her daughters.
Several people wait to checkout inside a store with a warehouse looking ceiling.
home depot is making everybody wait for no reason
Many people are in a cafeteria or restaurant, there are two workers wearing white and black who are taking their orders.
A restaurant gets slammed for dinner and has two waiters working that day.
Many people are in a cafeteria or restaurant, there are two workers wearing white and black who are taking their orders.
A restaurant prepares for a busy day.
Three people and a white dog are sitting in the sand on a beach.
People on vacation at the beach.
Young boy with tongue out hula hooping with two hula hoops in a crowded area, man in blue shirt stands behind him.
A boy is hula hooping and having fun on a nice day.
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball.
Women play volleyball in the olympics.
A man sweeping in the street.
A man is sweeping in the street to get ready for the parade.
A woman dressed as Dorthy from the Wizard of Oz smiling at a baby, standing above her on a table, dressed as an elephant.
It is Halloween in the photo.
Woman in a dress standing in front of a line of a clothing line, with clothes hanging on the line.
The woman is wearing all denim.
Woman in a dress standing in front of a line of a clothing line, with clothes hanging on the line.
Her dress is dark blue.
A woman is eating what appears to be a mussel.
The woman is at a restuarant
Two kids begin to make a snowman on a sunny winter day.
Two brothers making a snowman.
A man in a green shirt is singing karaoke while a young woman with long brownish hair stands by and listens.
A man is singing his girlfriend's favorite song as she watches.
A man with a crop is trying to stay on a rearing horse.
The man is old
A man with a crop is trying to stay on a rearing horse.
The man is young
A child, wearing a tie, jumps off steps.
A child is playing.
A child, wearing a tie, jumps off steps.
A child is jumping off the step and into a puddle.
A dog with big ears holds a ball in his mouth.
The dog is playing fetch.
A man riding a red motorbike near a large crowd of people by some tents.
A man is in a motorbike race against others.
A woman in a wheelchair is talking to her friend while surrounded by other people walking in the park.
The woman is wearing a beret.
Old man with gray blanket on squatting against a wall
Old man finds the perfect spot to take a nap.
A black dog holding an orange object in the water.
A dog holds a life jacket in its mouth in the water
A youth is kicking a soccer ball in an empty brick area.
A funny human kicking.
Four men in red vests with crosses on them ski on a mountain.
Four men are racing down a mountain on skis while wearing colorful red vests.
A woman wearing a hat and a man covering his eyes sit on benches on a boat.
A women and a man are talking to each other on a boat.
A man in a pink shirt is stealing an old couples bike, the possibility he is a loan shark collecting his dues are high.
The couple looks on as their bike gets stolen.
A girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled, with a little boy behind her.
A sad girl in a green knit cap stands ready to push a sled, with a little boy behind her.
A street vendor selling his art.
An artist is showing off his creations.
A person on a bike is midair, twisting his body around the handlebars, with graffiti behind him.
A person is performing tricks in front of a crowd.
A man with shoulder length dark hair sits near the rocks of a waterfront while holding a cigarette in his right hand.
A man holding a Camel cigarette.
A boy cooking on a grill.
A boy cooking on a grill for a family gathering.
Two commandos with gun by a staircase and an old man holding a hat is sitting on the stairs.
Two soldiers order an elderly warlord to surrender.
A brown-haired lady dressed all in blue denim sits in a group of pigeons.
A lady is feeding a group of pigeons.
An old woman in a sunlit room winds rough yarn into balls, the finished yarn balls placed in a pile to her right.
A woman winds yarn to help pay her rent
Two men, both have glasses, are wearing striped shirts are in the kitchen preparing a meal and washing up.
Two men are fixing their wives a romantic dinner for Valentine's Day.
A man wearing shorts is playing an acoustic guitar while a person in the background looks the other way.
a smelly man plays guitar
Many people are listening to a concert, and TV crew is recording the audience reaction.
People are enjoying a rock concert.
Four people in emergency suits and helmets spray water from behind a cement wall.
A emergency staff tends to a situation.
Four people in emergency suits and helmets spray water from behind a cement wall.
Fire fighters are battling a fire safely behind a cement wall.
A man in a park holding a ball.
A man is playing basketball in the park.
A sports match is taking place between one team wearing the colors red and white and another team sporting the colors black and blue.
The two teams are playing in the super bowl.
An older man with large patches on his jeans looks on as a young man swings an axe downward toward a tree stump.
A man just finished cutting down a tree.
Three ladies wearing dresses are bent down in a muddy creek gathering green plants.
Three botanists are collecting things for research.
A female basketball player dribbling down court.
A basketball player is destroying the ball.
a surfer is riding the waves whilst another surfer sits on his board waiting.
There are people surfing in a competition.
A middle-aged man works under the engine of a train on rail tracks.
A man is doing work on a black Amtrack train.
A man standing at the front of the room is pointing up while several people who are seated look towards him.
A man is teaching in a room.
A construction worker peeking out of a manhole while his coworker sits on the sidewalk smiling.
The men are playing hide and go seek.
A group of children walking on a trail.
The trail is wide.
A boy in a colorful hat and red shirt holding a green seed at the beach.
A boy is sitting in the sand.
A young women, in a black shirt, is holding a bike, while a young boy is holding a skateboard.
A young woman and young boy are posing for a photo with their skateboard and bike.
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
Several dogs are chasing frisbees in a grassy field.
Two men sleeping on a park bench, slumped over each other.
The men are homeless.
A man wearing a black balloon animal shirt is making a circle out of balloons.
The man knows how to make animals out of balloons.
A man wearing a black balloon animal shirt is making a circle out of balloons.
The man was a clown for many years.
Two men are listening to music through headphones.
Two men listen to Nine Inch Nails through headphones.
A woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow.
A woman is smiling at her child.
A woman carrying a shopping bag in front of Fisher's Popcorn.
a woman is on her way to work
A woman wearing sunglasses, jeans,& a t-shirt walks down the street carrying a bag.
The woman has been shopping earlier that day.
A woman wearing sunglasses, jeans,& a t-shirt walks down the street carrying a bag.
The sunglasses are being worn because the woman thinks they look good, or that they protect her from the sun.
A person is standing on top of a snow covered mountain.
A man stands on Mt. Washington.
A well dressed man and woman wearing floral dress dancing.
the man is at a party.
A goalie is watching the action during a soccer game.
The goalie is sitting in the highest bench of the stadium.
A goalie is watching the action during a soccer game.
The goalie will try to stop any balls that the other team may try to score on his team.
Two men pull a fishing net up into their red boat.
Two men are fishing for tuna.
A man is wearing a hard hat and orange jacket standing in front of a red ladder.
A man is getting ready to climb up a ladder.
Woman reading a book in a laundry room
The book is old.
Photographed from below, a somewhat husky man wearing a white and black windowpane-plaid shirt and dark trousers is holding a little boy who is wearing orange pants and a navy-blue shirt.
The little boy is the man's son.
Indian women playing musical chairs with white woman.
indain woman playing very well in musical chairs
women in a hat a making selling goods.
A woman wearing a hat is selling goods to feed her family.
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream.
The boys have chocolate sprinkles on their ice cream.
A motorcycle races.
A bike is going fast.
A motorcycle races.
A bike is racing a cheetah.
Three children play on the grass under a multicolored umbrella and wearing rainbow colored outfits.
Children celebrate color.
A group of people on the street dancing to a four men playing various conga drums.
People are participating in a tribal dance demostration.
A woman in white and a man in black, with an earring, are kissing.
A woman kisses her fiance.
Two young girls looking at Barbie dolls.
One girl is showing another her Barbie collection
A child in winter gear is hiding inside a cave made of snow while it is snowing.
A child in winter gear is hiding from his friends in a cave made of snow.
two young children on a skateboard going across a sidewalk
Two young children are going to the park.
Two fencers dressed in the sport's traditional white suit and protective mask, practice their dueling.
two people slash violently at each other
People running down a two lane road.
People are having an anti-abortion rally on a two lane road.
The guys in white shirts horse around near a park.
Two guys both wearing long sleeve white shirts flirt with each other.
A man is on the back of his friend.
A man is on the back of his friend in the swimming pool.
Two women in bathing suits climb rock piles by the ocean.
Women are trying to show off for their spouses.
Two women in bathing suit on large rocks at the ocean.
two women are about to dive into the ocean
Someone is taking a brown canoe down to the lake.
A person is on vacation.
A man is riding on the back of a garbage truck.
A man saves money by hitching a ride on a garbage truck.
A man is riding on the back of a garbage truck.
A man catches a lift on a garbage truck.
Several people wearing foil crowns gathered around a table eating.
A group of people are eating mud soup.
Several people wearing foil crowns gathered around a table eating.
A group of people sat around eating dinner.
Man laying on a platform outside on some rocks.
Man lays is exhausted after running 3 miles.
A woman is sitting in a man's lap in a brown armchair.
The man is holding the woman around her waist.
A golfer has just finished swinging his club.
a golfer teeing off at the masters
A motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn.
The motorcycle rider is male.
A child turning a crank with benches behind him.
The child is playing with a jack-in-the-box in the park.
A young woman sits crosslegged beside her purse on the grass among a crowd of dogs.
The young woman is taking a break in the grass from walking the dogs
A woman in a red shirt and blue jeans is walking outside while a man in a khaki jacket is right behind her.
A man is following a woman in a red shirt to her car.
A football player in a blue and yellow uniform is tackling another player in a white and gold uniform.
The football game is the first of the season.
A man with a dark shirt and light shorts is standing next to a person wearing a light shirt on a sidewalk.
a couple pose together
A person is surfing on a large wave.
The person is in a surfing competition.
Ample dark-skinned man looks back at camera from behind buffet.
A man looks from behind an Indian buffet.
A black dog runs along the green grass carrying a toy in its mouth.
The dog is playing fetch.
Man relaxing on a bench at the bus stop.
The man waited for the bus relaxed on the bench.
An outside wedding ceremony for an asian couple under an umbrella, shielded from the blaring sun.
Asian people getting married by the beach.
A man in a yellow excavator on a construction site.
this guy is on the excavator for his job
Four people dine at a restaurant.
the people are coworkers
A young child with dark shoulder length hair, in a yellow shirt and pink pants, is walking eating cheerios out of a ziplock bag.
a child wishes he had milk
A group of people are gathered in the woods around trees and a ladder.
People picking apples.
A volleyball player hitting a ball on the beach.
A volleyball player spikes a ball on the beach.
A man in hat and apron flipping over his pancake by tossing it in the air back to the pan.
The man is cooking all wheat pancakes.
A young child is enjoying the water and rock scenery with their dog.
The child and dog are hoping for some ice cream later.
An Asian teen is playing a game.
The game is Final Fantasy
An Asian teen is playing a game.
The teen is happy
A man standing up in a rowboat with a bird perched on the boat.
The man is a professional fisherman.
Two dogs run around inside a fence.
Two puppies run around inside a fence.
A man is cooking pies in the oven.
The man cooking has oven mits on.
A woman with blond-hair and blue boots walks among a crowd of other pedestrians on a city street, looking up at something.
A woman is watching a plane fly overhead.
A golden-colored dog, with his eyes alert, holds a brightly colored tennis ball in his mouth.
The dog is fast
Two bikers a riding along a street in a marathon as the passersby clap for them.
People cheer on the bikers.
Two bikers a riding along a street in a marathon as the passersby clap for them.
Two bikers compete in a marathon for a charity.
A baby crying about getting their diaper changed.
the baby is tired
A young girl in a cute hat and pink sweater pushes a toy lawn mower in front of a bicycle.
The girl has a black hat on.
A young girl in a cute hat and pink sweater pushes a toy lawn mower in front of a bicycle.
The girl just got the hat for her birthday.
a man in a red shirt looking at a woman with red-hair
A person is leering at another.
a man in a red shirt looking at a woman with red-hair
A person is staring at a girl he think he recognizes.
A woman is tugging on a white sheet and laughing
The woman is changing the sheets on her bed.
The young girl cools off by sliding on the water slide.
The girl is at a water park.
Older Asian man, wearing orange robes in urban area.
The old man is a monk.
People shopping at the marketplace.
People are shopping for groceries.
Two people are sitting in a station.
A married couple is waiting for a train.
Two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background.
They are diving for coins on the bottom of the pool
these two ladies are reading a sign while shading themselves from the sun with their umbrellas.
Two women read a sign for directions
Two Asian women wear sandals, long silk robes and hold umbrellas.
Women in Japan take shelter from the rain
Two Asian women wear sandals, long silk robes and hold umbrellas.
Two women stand in the rain
A woman, viewed through a window, sits at a restaurant table and puts down a red shopping bag.
A woman having lunch after spending the day shopping.
There is not an image here.
There is only a single color displayed instead of an image.
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front.
A man works on a computer while two people sit and chat about business.
A man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front.
The two people sat and chatted for a bit while the IT guy removed the virus.
A bundled boy sleds down the slope.
A boy is sledding on his red sleigh
Two men in uniforms are in soccer field behind a line waiting to play.
two men waiting to play soccer in May
A woman playing with her cats while taking pictures.
A woman is encouraging two cats to interact with one another.
A young woman dressed as a princess is waving to others from inside a ride where the carriage is a large replica of the Disney character, Dumbo.
A young woman dressed as a princess is waving to the crowd in the Macy's parade.
A young woman holding a newborn in her arms while still wearing her hospital bracelet laying on a hospital bed.
A young woman is happily holding a newborn.
Three young men are watching a tennis match on a large screen outdoors.
Three young men watching a tennis match on a screen outdoors, because their brother is playing.
A large amount of persons flying kites in a park.
a lot of kids are dlying kites on easter.
A maroon car with many decals and signs topped with a gray bundle tied to the roof near the drivers door is a man leaning on the car.
The roof is high in the air.
A man is taking pictures hanging outside of a red rally car.
The man is a race car driver.
A man in a yellow outfit, fixing something on the corner of a house.
The man in the outfit is a repairman.
A happy little girl rides on the merry-go-round.
the girl rode the horse on the ride
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head
The man is trying his best not to drop the bottle of wine.
a man holding a bottle of wine with a box on his head
The man is hiding his face with the box on his head.
There are three colorful boats with a person sitting in the middle one.
This person is early for the boating race.
There are three colorful boats with a person sitting in the middle one.
People like to go boating.
Two men with fake mustaches are dressed like archaeologist explorers.
Two actors dress to play a part in a neighborhood theater play.
A blond woman is holding 2 golf balls while reaching down into a golf hole.
The blonde woman is playing golf.
Two horse riders and three walkers are going down a dusty path.
Five people in the rain on a path
A group of people dressed as a wizard, queen, and possibly a lobster smiling and looking at the camera.
people are dressed for halloween
In autumn, a man holding a box approaches a red truck in a parking lot.
The man is delivering the box to the old lady in the parking lot.
In autumn, a man holding a box approaches a red truck in a parking lot.
The man is carrying the box to his car.
Two dogs shaking themselves dry on the sand.
Two brown dogs shake themselves dry at the beach.
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
The skier is winning a competition.
A young indian boy sitting down thinking about his future.
A boy considers college.
A police officer standing on a train.
A cop is standing on a train on his way to work..
A police officer standing on a train.
A cop is handcuffing someone.
Snowboarder sails in the air.
A snowboarder jumps through the air and does tricks.
A brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass.
A mean dog is wearing a muzzle to keep it from attacking cats.
A woman closes her eyes as she plays her cello.
The woman is performing for an audience.
A man wearing black pants, a black shirt, and an orange hat is using a nail gun to attach tar paper to a roof.
The building he is on is colored blue.
A male construction worker hammers a nail.
A construction worker drives the nail into the kitchen wall.
A dark-haired drummer is playing his set with enthusiasm.
The drummer is playing his set for an audience at an event.
A snowboarder leaps through the air against a dark background.
A man is wearing a a heavy snow coat.
A snowboarder leaps through the air against a dark background.
a man is outside snowboarding down a hill.
A man in a business suit crosses the street.
A man is walking to a job interview.
A young man dressed in black dress clothes lies down with his head resting in the lap of an older man in plain clothes.
One man is dressed up for a night out while the other is not.
An Asian woman preparing vegetables for the market.
A woman preparing vegetables for stir-fry.
Two people look at two red motorcycles in a place where there are religious murals on the wall.
The two people looking at motorcycles are planning to buy one.
A team in yellow, red, and blue jerseys sit next to a road and watch a tiger mascot.
Students watch their school's mascot.
the front side of a food vendor in a park.
The vendor is selling hot dogs.
A woman wearing a scarf, hat, and coat, holding a shopping bag is looking at her phone while standing in front of a store.
The woman is texting her boyfriend.
The man is doing stunts with his bicycle.
The crowd is astonished.
The man is doing stunts with his bicycle.
The man is showing off.
A girl in a flower dress is running on sand.
The girl is racing her sister.
A soccer player wearing white shorts and an orange and green shirt holds the ball while being guarded by another soccer player in a blue uniform.
A professional soccer player holds the soccer ball.
A man in black reading a book for a group of people.
The man is reading for children.
Male volleyball players in red attempt to score on the other team, lighter red.
Volleyball players in red are beating the other team.
There is a woman throwing daggers at a target, which is a carrot.
A woman with athletic ability is targeting carrots with blades.
A woman in a green shirt and jeans throws a spear toward a target in the background painted with a carrot across a parking lot
A woman participating in a spear throwing contest.
Man wearing dark clothes walks down a street with a wall of graffiti to his left.
A man is looking at the graffiti.
a group of people riding bikes in a marathon as people line the street.
The people lining the street are family members.
A woman walking, smiling and holding a shopping bag.
The women came back from a shopping mall.
A woman walking, smiling and holding a shopping bag.
Some women go shopping, while men stay at home.
A person on a boat by the shore.
A guy is on a boat by the shore fishing.
A person on a boat by the shore.
He is sleeping on the boat.
A person on a boat by the shore.
A guy is on a boat by the shore.
A person in a yellow slicker is driving a motorboat next to the beach.
A fisherman heading home for the night.
A referee is talking with a couple of soccer players in red jerseys.
The soccer players are being told what they did wrong.
A white and blue car is on the street.
A sedan is parked near a school.
A young boy is hanging onto a clothing rack.
A boy is hanging onto a purple clothing rack.
A boy toddler play outside on a clothes rack full of tied dye shirts.
A toddler is enjoying the sunny weather.
Two men are playing basketball, and one man is making a shot.
The men are on different teams.
A man trying to block another man from shooting the ball in.
The man is the goalie.
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame.
A man in a black coat is covered in powdered sugar.
A woman in black, seen from behind, sits next to a body of water.
A woman sits and relaxes.
An orange car is driving across a steel bridge in a city.
A car is driving across the bridge on it's way to work.
A young man wearing black jumps off a height while people clap.
The man is jumping off a cliff.
A Korean gentlemen kicks up his leg.
A person is dancing.
A man wearing yellow sneakers and a black vest is on a water board and hangs onto a waterski line that appears to be towed by a boat.
A man on a lake is learning how to waterboard slowly.
Two woman talk in the middle of a parking lot, near two cars, as random people wander nearby.
Sisters talk to each other in the middle of the lot
Graffiti on the side of an Asian warehouse.
A graffiti artist made an urban tag sign for a local warehouse.
Graffiti on the side of an Asian warehouse.
Letters on a building.
People are working with some white pipes.
Men are fixing the pipes.
A man talks on his cellphone in private.
A man is talking to his wife on his cellphone.
A baby wearing a bib makes a funny face at the camera.
A baby girl in a bib makes a funny face at her mom's camera.
A brunette baby wearing a red and gray striped shirt, jeans, and a bib with fruit characters on it is sitting on a decorative blanket.
The child is at a picnic
Two power walkers walking beside one another in a race.
Two people in a park walking
A girl wearing makeup playing a bass.
A girl loves to get made up.
A person is climbing a cliff wall that overlooks water.
A man is climbing.
A middle-aged man in a bicycle race trying his hardest on the sand surrounded by watching crowd.
A man on a bicycle struggles as the comes to the end of a race.
Man on bike, with bike clothing and helmet on, having trouble maneuvering through sand from beach.
The man is riding in a bike race.
A person is wearing a helmet and protective clothing while riding a four-wheeled vehicle.
The person is wearing black.
This is a heated hockey match at the goal line.
The Stanley Cup from 2013.
Three hockey players are in the middle of a play.
the players are playing for the championship
An infant is in a crib and crying.
A baby is crying for it's mother.
Two children run up the street on the sidewalk near the building.
The children are going home.
A large man dressed in black on a street corner by a red brick building.
A man is waiting for the boss on the street corner.
Two men in animal print pants sleep on a white bed.
Two guys are exhausted after making love.
A woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting.
the lady in the orange shirt is eating her lunch
Two dogs biting each other playfully while jumping
Two dogs are playing outdoors
An audience cheers at a concert.
An audience making noise at a Weezer concert.
Lady vendor selling her goods, one man standing on a post, and two men in a wholesale store.
A woman selling roses, a police officer, two men shopping in a wholesale store.
A girl dressed in a pink shirt, jeans, and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine.
A funny person in a shirt
A girl dressed in a pink shirt, jeans, and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine.
A person in a shirt
A group of people sit before a campfire.
They are making smores
A boy with a basketballs glowers at the camera.
The boy doesn't like playing basketball
A man wearing a blue hat and a blue shirt selling bananas from his wheel cart on the street.
An arms dealer selling his wares outside of police station by cleverly disguising the assault rifles as ordinary bananas.
A man wearing a blue hat and a blue shirt selling bananas from his wheel cart on the street.
A fruit vendor selling his wares on a sunny day.
A waitress with a pink shirt and black pants walking through a restaurant carrying bowls of soup.
A tall person with pants
A man wearing a white jacket and pink hat is speaking into a microphone while raising one arm above his head.
The man is making the crowd laugh.
Three people are canoeing in a stream.
There are people outdoors doing a canoe competition
A skateboarder glides down a railing of some stairs.
A skateboarder shows off a trick during a skate competition.
A bride adjust her husbands flower on his coat as she holds her own bouquet of flowers.
The bride and groom are posing for a cute photograph.
Runners are competing on a track in front of a stadium full of people.
Some runners are competing in the Olympics.
A man is standing in the aisle of a grocery store and staring at the cereal selection.
A man is selecting cereal in a grocery store.
A man is standing in the aisle of a grocery store and staring at the cereal selection.
A man is wondering what cereal to buy his children.
A small dog runs after a red ball, though a leafy outdoor area.
a dog runs after ball thrown by owner.
A man wearing a white shirt and an orange shirt jumped into the air.
A man leaps as he takes a shot with the basketball.
Two asian men in a wood shop.
The two asian men are building a wooden table.
Man in while shirt and blue jeans holding hands while walking with a little girl in a blue dress and yellow hat.
A father holds his daughter's hand
The strangely dressed guys, one wearing an orange wig, sunglasses with peace signs, and a karate costume with an orannge belt, another wearing a curly blue wig, heart shaped sunglasses, and a karate outfit painted with leaves, and the third wearing pink underwear, a black afro, and giant sunglasses.
The outfits are Halloween costumes.
A jockey in blue gallops a chestnut horse on a dirt track past a wooden fence.
A jockey races his horse
A jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop.
jockey wearing a blue jacket is riding a dark brown horse in a gallop racing in front of his competitors.
A man in a gray sweatshirt and blue jeans is pulling on a rope while a guy in a white shirt and black jeans watches him.
the man was trying to pull the bull back into the pin
A man sitting on the ground carving a green coconut with a large knife.
The man is black.
Riot police are standing in the background while a young man with a red scarf covering his face is walking.
there was a riot
A person in a white t-shirt, military print cap and red bandanna with a skeleton on it covering most of the person's face.
The skeleton is scary.
A man dressed in yellow rescue gear walks in a field.
The man is looking for someone.
A man in blue clothing carries a yellow bucket while walking in the water near a pelican.
A man with a bucket is catching fish in the water.
Young brunette woman smiling in front of bushes.
The young woman smiles after hearing some good news.
People are gathered by a tree beside a line of white tents.
People are gathered by pine trees.
Boy, of age approximately 10 years old, lunging into pristine pool on hot summer day.
The boy is at a country club with his parents.
A football coach is walking on a football field.
a football coach walks on the field before the game starts
A woman holding roses while she waits.
this lady has roses while she is waiting for her husband
People mingling in the foreground and background, two of them are walking towards those in the background that are positioned nearby of a building that is overshadowed by a large number of trees, while the two in the foreground are tending to a horse drawn carriage.
Some Amish people are fixing their carriage while other people walk or stand nearby.
A large busted woman in a yellow shirt has a pink shoulder bag on her shoulder.
A young woman with a giant rack is carrying a bag around a shopping mall.
A young boy playing in a bubble playing in water.
The boy is taking a bath.
Two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall.
Men stand in line at a water fountain in front of a brick building.
A young child brushes his or her teeth while holding a remote.
The young boy is in the bathroom.
Kids being walked across a lot by an adult to a larger building.
An adult is taking some kids to school.
A fire hydrant with a face painted on it.
The face is happy.
A man, with a green cloth over his face, rests with his arms crossed beside a tan wall.
The man is outside taking a break from painting the house.
A man, with a green cloth over his face, rests with his arms crossed beside a tan wall.
The man is at the rodeo watching bull riding.
A man with glasses in a brown shirt talking while a man with glasses in a gray shirt listens.
A guy with a brown shirt and glasses is telling his friend in the glasses and gray shirt a story.
The horses pull the carriage, holding people and a dog, through the rain.
Family and dog return from outing in a carriage while it is raining.
A badminton player from china is sprawled out on the badminton court with his racket close by.
A badminton player is taking a nap.
A badminton player from china is sprawled out on the badminton court with his racket close by.
A badminton player has been injured.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
A woman making lemonade.
Tall man being stopped by an officer.
The man committed a crime.
Row of plastic horses that form a childrens ride with one child riding.
one child is on a marry go round
Two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym.
The two men are freinds
A little girl wearing a pink, yellow and white bathing suit, gets wet from a splash of water.
A girl gets wet from a splash of water by her brother.
A young man standing on a plank of wood and using a large saw to cut it.
A young man is making a fence.
A town worker working on electrical equipment.
The worker is tired.
A nun is taking a picture outside.
A nun is taking a selfie.
A man in a white and blue jacket is talking to a girl in a black jacket.
A father is giving his daughter advice
A boy in a blue shirt looks away from the camera as a girl in a pink and orange bathing suit stares into the camera in front of an RV.
A boy looks away from the camera with a sad face while a girl who has just been swimming looks into the camera with no expression.
two girls sitting by a tree while playing.
They are at a park.
A woman with tattoos and a black t-shirt smiles and talks to a man with a partially shaved head wearing shirt with the words' hippie killer' in white letters on it.
A female and a male are talking to each other about celebrities.
Two businessmen going to work.
Two men board the train to go to work.
A woman sitting on a bright blue bench looks up from her book.
The woman is relaxed.
Hockey players play a game on the ice.
One man is scoring a goal in an ice hockey game.
A toddler in a blue one-piece plays with a stack of plastic tubs, while toys are scattered on the floor behind him.
The toddler is playing with a plastic container that had their family's Christmas decorations in it.
A man with glasses and a Hawaiian shirt is standing next to a dog while another man with a blue hat looks at them from the back.
Two men are following the actions of a dog, one stands next to the dog.
A man wearing a cap and a black wetsuit on a rocky coast lifts a large sack with three sacks in front of him with another man and a small yellow boat in the background.
A man unloading a boat.
A girl in a field with a yellow scarf.
The girl has a red shirt on.
The person in black T-shirt is sitting.
The man is attending a concert.
A guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt.
The guy is a pro waterskiier.
girl sitting in fire for a show
The girl is an employee of the circus.
There are two shadowy men standing along side a stream that runs through a paved courtyard in front of some stairs.
Two men were waiting for someone to arrive.
A young girl with long brown hair is brushing her teeth.
A girl has a green toothbrush.
A fireman is on a ladder leaning on a charred and smoking house.
a fireman on a ladder is trying to find survivors
Man in red shirt about to have a barbecue
Sad man in red shirt about to have a barbecue
A man is carrying a child while holding a red and blue umbrella.
Two humans are outside.
A man is carrying a child while holding a red and blue umbrella.
A father carries his child, holding an umbrella to keep the rain away.
A costume worn by this little boy is making him feel a little insecure.
The boy doesn't like his costume.
Two men and a woman finishing a meal and drinks.
Two men and a woman finishing a fish dinner and drinks.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
A lady carrying her nephew
Two orthodox Jews, one male, one female, are shown in traditional dress in a sidewalk scene.
Two jewish models pose for the camera on the sidewalk.
A man in a green safety jacket and pants stands, facing away, near bags of trash while people stand on the curb across the street.
A tall person in a jacket
Trying very hard not to blend any of the yellow paint into the white.
Someone is painting a house.
A man in a club addressing other people and holding his index finger up with a woman standing behind him.
A man is looking for his girlfriend in a club.
A blond woman and a brunette woman drink glasses of champagne.
The women are at a bar.
A blond woman and a brunette woman drink glasses of champagne.
The women are celebrating.
A cowboy clown wearing a shirt with Tax on it, red suspenders, and a white cowboy hat talks into a wireless microphone.
A cowboy clown is is talking into a microphone at a rodeo.
Woman driving in a red convertible with another girl in the passenger seat and a guy in a suit in the backseat, driving past a group of people.
The convertible splashed through a puddle of water that soaked the other group of people.
Two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk.
The people are test driving a car.
Two families on a picnic with green grass.
Friends are having a picnic at the park.
AN older woman appears to read from a children's book in an indoor setting, while a seated gentleman in a service uniform looks on.
A grandmother reads to her grandchild while his grandfather watches.
A lady reading a story book.
A lady reads to a group of children.
A man performs a jumping trick on a skateboard and creates a shadow on the wall behind him.
A funny person doing a trick
A man performs a jumping trick on a skateboard and creates a shadow on the wall behind him.
A tall person doing a trick
A topless man with tattoos, black pants, and black boots is standing on a platform in front of a mirror.
the man is drunk
A girl prepares herself for the swim meet.
The girl is wearing all black.
A man in a red hat and shirt with gray shorts attempts to do the splits.
The man is a gymnast.
A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
The girls are waiting for their friend.
Several children in full riding gear are on horseback in a grassy field carrying polo equipment.
The children are at a class to learn how to play polo.
Various people shop at a street clothing sale.
Various older people shop at a street clothing sale.
Four people are looking at something on the wall in a waiting room.
A group of people is staring at a painting.
A well dressed man standing in front of an abstract fence painting.
A well dressed man about to buy an abstract fence painting.
An Asian man is cooking food.
The man is in a kitchen.
An Asian man is cooking food.
The man is preparing lunch.
A man in a gray wife beater grilling.
The man is cooking steaks for his family's dinner.
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
Some boys are practicing for a soccer game.
A black dog running in the snow by some trees.
a dog running in the snow to chase a ball
Man playing golf indoors with coat on.
A man is wearing a black coat.
A man dressed in a bronze suit, wearing bronze colored glasses, is accompanied with a bronze old fashion movie camera, motions taking a movie.
A man is filming a movie.
The brown dog has a hold of the other dogs cheek with its teeth.
The puppy grabbed his littermate by the cheek
Couple watching the moon on a bridge.
The couple is married.
A runner in a yellow shirt is running a race.
A woman wearing yellow is running a race.
A young boy with blue shorts, at an indoor pool jumping into the water.
a young kid jumps into the water during swim lessons
A group of people standing in the street.
A group of runners wait for the marathon to begin.
A biker gets high in the air against a skyline.
The biker is on a dirt bike.
A man is sitting beside a bunch of material while sewing.
A man is sitting on a couch while sewing.
A dread-locked photographer in a suit takes pictures of a group of young children sitting on the ground.
The photographer is wearing a black suit.
A black dog walking through water.
A black dog is walking through water to catch a fish.
a man with a cigarette in hand is looking at a car in front of him.
Man smoking a cigarette is upset with the car in front of him.
Three adults and one child are waiting outside of a building, perhaps a school.
Four people are waiting for the bus.
The young girl wearing a pink shirt is putting a box, with a drawn face and bow, on a shelf along with other food.
a young girl putting away her toys
A man is doing tricks on a skateboard.
A tall human doing tricks
This land race gets a little wet and wild.
Someone fell into the lake during a race.
A man in a navy polo shirt snaps photos at a golf course while a crowd of spectators looks on in the background.
A photographer is taking photos at the golf championship.
A male is placing an order in a deli.
A man buying a sandwich at a deli.
A baseball player is sliding into home behind the catcher with the ball.
The player is trying to get the game winning point.
A baseball player sliding into home as the opposing team's catcher awaits the baseball for the out.
The catcher is right-handed.
A man wearing a brown shirt and green pans is pulling a rickshaw down a street
The rickshaw carried a lovely couple down the street.
Two small children are gathering water from a large container.
Two kids are getting a drink of water.
A man is singing on stage with his fingers in a stuffed bear's nose.
A man on stage singing accompanied by a stuffed bear is a ventriloquist.
A man is singing on stage with his fingers in a stuffed bear's nose.
The man on stage singing with his fingers in a bear's nose is mute.
Two women, one wearing a scarf and the other wearing a broad brim hat, pound what may be food, on a primitive table with wooden mallets
Two individuals are beating a bread dough on the table.
The two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them, and they are surrounded by water.
A couple on the dock getting ready to board their boat.
Two dogs, one lying down, play in a yard.
They are enjoying the day.
Two Olympic martial arts competitors go after each other in an international martial arts spectacle.
A man in a white robe is kicking at another man in a white robe and black belt.
A red-haired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage.
The clown is having a fit in front the the children.
Several people mill around a sidewalk in front of a building looking as police put up crime scene tape.
Several people saw a crime committed.
A young man smiles and points at something off-camera, while standing in front of a display.
The young man is pointing at a building.
A teacher is talking to a classroom full of children.
A teacher is explaining the course of the day's lesson plans.
A city street performer with long gray hair sits on a green bucket, two woman look on behind the man.
The street performer begins his show.
A photographer with bushy dark hair takes a photo of a skateboarder at an indoor park.
A mother photographs her son at the indoor skate park.
two people playing baseball one running and one throwing a ball.
two people playing ball at sunset.
Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo.
A boy is acting for a group of people.
An Asian woman in a red skirt sits near the ground with another woman standing next to her.
the women are waiting for a store to open
Three boys in a wooden-paneled room, one inspecting a bow.
Three boy scouts are inspecting a bow they will be practicing with for the next 2 days.
A middle-aged male wearing a baseball cap, a shirt inscribed orange county traders and white towel tucked under his belt and preparing a meal in hibachi style.
The man is preparing a meal for his family's dinner.
A family stands in a paved courtyard in an park in fall.
tall humans standing
Man and a woman in a red dress dancing on stage in front of other dancers and a metro PCS sign.
A gentleman and his date are at the Metro PCS theather.
A bearded man in a light blue shirt peers through a magnifier to work on something that rests on a white paper box.
the man is a farmer
A small child in a coat looks out over the lake of a park in the fall.
A child is about to go swimming in the lake.
A puppet show consisting of humans standing on tall sticks.
The puppets are pulling by people.
A woman runs along a rocky shore.
A woman is being chased near the river.
The boy jumps into the blue pool.
The boy jumps into the pool, as his sister follows soon after.
The boy jumps into the blue pool.
There is a boy outside.
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans carries a bouquet of red roses along a city sidewalk past a bus stop.
man going on date
a large group of people standing behind a podium on the stairs of a congress building.
A mob prepares to protest a speaker.
A black dog leaps out of the water.
The down is bring a stick back to his master, that threw it in the lake in the game of fetch
A girl in a red top is holding slips of paper.
The girl in the red top is selling raffle tickets.
A man wearing a hat, glasses and a painted mustache standing in a crowd of Asian people holding up a stick.
Man in a straw hat and glasses, raising a cane into the air, surrounded by a crowd.
A man in a red hat and blue jacket in a protest is holding up a tablet that talks about God and judgement.
The man protesting is caucasian.
A woman is sitting in a chair filling out some paperwork.
A woman looks over some forms.
An Asian girl writes down something on a notepad in her lap.
The Asian girl is writing a song.
A woman with red-hair swings a pillow and laughs.
A woman fluffs a pillow
A woman is sitting and staring on a red bench near a building.
Someone is thinking.
Two men performing in a music group.
Two men are rapping.
Young boy kicks a soccer ball towards the goal as the crowd watches.
The boy is wearing shin guards.
A guy playing an accordion with people listening and watching.
The accordion is very old.
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it.
Some people are at a historical park.
A male and a female with a black hat, and sunglasses stop and talk.
Similarly dressed couple stops to discuss plans.
Two elderly men are sitting on a boat that appears to be traveling down a river in the middle of the forest.
Two men are trying to fish
Four speed skaters representing different countries are racing across ice in front of camera people.
Four skaters are competing in the olympics.
A blond-hair boy holding a toy airplane is in front of what looks like a colorful toy monster.
A child at a birthday party, holds his new presents as the other children look on and smile.
Two people watch TV from over a white ledge.
Two people are watching sports on TV.
Four older men are playing musical instruments in a park by a wall in traditional costume.
A band is playing for an outdoor wedding.
Asian man giving thumbs up on street.
An Asian man is congratulating someone for a job well done.
A city street with people in front of a mountain back drop.
People are in a street in front of mountains with snow on them.
There is a white building, with several people and a mountain nearby, and four automobiles.
The people are going into the building.
A man standing behind a small ice cream cart on a street corner.
The man is about to buy ice cream
a tan dog jumping over a red and blue toy
A dog performing tricks for hsi owner.
A group of women are trying to sell their vegetable harvest.
A group of women are selling vegetables at a market
A man playing a unique violin while looking up at the ceiling.
The man is trying to remember which song to play next.
A dark-skinned man smoking a cigarette near a green trashcan.
The tall man stood near the metal trash can and smoked a Marlboro
A woman in black framed glasses peruses a photo album while sitting in a red wicker chair.
A person is looking at pictures of her family.
Show dancers performing in sync with purple background lights.
The dancers are performing at the concert.
A young child sits on the floor and leans against a map to eat.
The child is eating a sandwhich.
images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing
The images were deleted.
Two women wearing white bathrobes relax on a couch with their feet kicked up on a coffee table.
two women chat about their day
The bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids, all in black.
a woman prepares for her third marriage
A young girl in a pink coat erasing words on a chalkboard sign.
A little girl is erasing her work for her teacher.
A woman in a blue and black jacket looking at a sign by railroad tracks.
a woman is waiting for her train
A man is holding a pile of newspapers in a lobby, and a woman next to him has taken one of the newspapers and is smiling.
He is selling the newspapers in a hotel lobby.
A man wearing a water pack and shorts on an outdoor trail.
A man is going on a hike.
A man wearing a water pack and shorts on an outdoor trail.
A man is standing up.
The pitcher wearing black heaves the ball toward the catcher.
The Yankees are at practice.
Male and female performers stand on stage holding microphones up to their lips and raising their hands in the sky.
Male and female performers happily stand on stage.
3 people, one man playing a guitar while sitting on the floor and two people playing a game on a sofa.
Several people are gathered for a party.
A man is standing on the sidewalk, playing a guitar and singing, with a container of tips by him.
A man is earning his living by singing to strangers.
a snowboarder jumps over a barrel.
A snowboarder does jumps over a barrel to train for a competition.
One young boy is sitting outside on a cool day blowing bubbles.
A little boy in a warm jacket sits all alone blowing bubbles.
Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle.
The biker is showing off his bike.
A Black woman on the street is talking on her cellphone.
A black woman is on her cell phone, calling the cops.
A girl in a purple sweater and a shoulder bag is looking to the side with a lot of people behind her.
a girl thinks about her day
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face.
A woman in a purple sweater and black jeans  has an odd look on her face.
A woman in a purple sweater has an odd look on her face.
A woman in a purple sweater is getting her hair done
A black dog carrying a hanging flower pot.
A dog carrying a flower pot to his owner.
Female runners from Japan, Germany and China are running side by side.
The running is fast
A cyclist rides down a rocky mountain.
He is an experienced rider.
A person is riding a colorful dirt bike on dirt hills.
A boy races his dirt bike outside.
A man with a black hat, a pair of glasses, and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself.
The man did a self portrait of himself.
A large brown and black dog jumps in the air holding a white Frisbee in its mouth.
Children play catch with the family dog.
A man in a red Vegas shirt sits a table playing with his camera.
The tourist is reviewing his photos.
A white dog is walking on a rocky hillside.
A dog walks over large rocks.
A young man with blond dreadlocks sits on a wall reading a newspaper as a woman and a young girl pass by.
The young man is reading the newspaper sports section with a mom and daughter walks to the movie theater.
A lady rows a canoe filled with things.
The woman is going to deliver the items to someone.
A couple is married in a church as guests look on.
Two women are getting married.
Two little kids laugh on a blue swing.
Two kids are at the park, having a nice time.
A woman is captured midair into her leap with pyramids in the background.
A woman is captured midair while she's leaping as she tries to run away from the man
A group of teenagers enjoying cooling off in a fountain of water.
The young people are splashing each other in the fountain.
Men walk in line carrying things.
While carrying heavy sacks of flour the men walked the path single file
A father and son kicking a ball at a park.
The father taught his son how to kick a ball.
Blond woman wearing a red shirt and white pants stands on a garbage can as she holds a camera.
A model stands on a garbage can for a photo shoot.
A brown dog runs through a field.
A dog chases a rabbit.
Gymnast does a flip on blue flooring.
A gymnast competes in the olympics
a brown and a black dog play in a field
The dogs are playing with a ball.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
A gentlemen smiling and showing his refletive sunglasses to a friend.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
A gentlemen sitting in a chair looking out a window.
Two young man are getting ready for a game of pool on a purple pool table, with another young man in the background, holding a drink.
two men gamble
Two yellow dogs are running side by side down a road.
the yellow dogs run on the road to their owners house
A group of women are standing in front of a building.
Some women are waiting at the bus stop.
A woman with a red and white piece of clothing draped over her arm rides a pink cruiser-style bicycle down a boardwalk.
A woman rides a bike bast the beach sunset.
Two girls smile for the camera.
People are saying "cheese".
Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts.
The boys are playing a game of cards together.
A black and a brown dog are running toward the camera.
A black and a brown dog are running toward the video camera.
A man walks away from a bright yellow, red and blue bounce house.
A man leaves a brightly colored bounce house with his daughter.
A smiling man wearing a football jersey is carrying a stack of video games.
The man is going to sell the video games
A man wearing a plaid shirt and brown apron is standing in front of an open fire.
The man is a cook.
The dude at the party is raging!
A man is yelling at a party.
A man with a "Backyard Babies" has a black box in front of him and a crowd on chairs behind him.
The man is being watched.
A man with a "Backyard Babies" has a black box in front of him and a crowd on chairs behind him.
The man is a magician.
Children use crayons to color sheets of paper.
Kids use crayons to color large sheets of construction paper.
Tractor doing construction work.
A blue tractor is doing construction work.
three people posing for the picture with big smiles and blood on the faces of two people
Three people posing for a picture with smiles and two are dressed up as zombies.
The man and woman are both smiling.
A guy and a lady are standing near each other.
The man and woman are both smiling.
A man and a woman smile as the watch the children play.
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street.
A man is caught in a rain storm with an umbrella.
A man balances a ball on a Japanese umbrella.
A man does a magic trick.
A man with a tattoo on his left arm flips his food into the air with his frying pan.
a chef using a frying pan
a man with a tattoo on his arm cooking something in a frying pan.
A chef cooks in a diner.
The restaurant employee is preparing sandwiches in the highly decorated kitchen.
An employee is making his lunch before the dinner rush at a nice restaurant.
A red jeep hangs from the edge of a rocky cliff as a girl looks on.
The Jeep is going to fall.
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city.
People are walking by a man sleeping on the sidewalk.
Man sliding down stair handrails on a bike.
A man in a pink uniform glides down handrails on a bike.
A boy in jeans, black t-shirt, and blue cap on a bike, leaps over steps.
A boy is practicing bike tricks.
Dog running down paved walkway near a Japanese maple tree.
A pitbull running outside.
A girl with black hair and a green shirt has taken several bites from a fresh green apple.
The girl is participating in the local county fair, and is helping judge the "juiciest apple" category.
A man jumps on another man while a crowd looks on.
a man fights another man while a crowd watches
A soccer team dressed in all black are gathered together on a soccer field where it is cold enough to see one's own breath.
Some peoples are running in game
A man is sitting with his brown and white dog.
A man is sitting with his puppy
A man and woman in a dark room with lights behind them holding drinks while a bright green light shines in their faces.
A man and woman are married
A man in his skateboard jumping over a grocery cart as his friends in the back watch.
The man is a professional skateboarder.
Though frail looking, this turbaned woman is able to carry a large pot and a bound bundle of long sticks.
An old person carrying a pot
A girl wearing a red shirt and jeans is sitting in a rocking chair at a cluttered desk, while another girl wearing a black t-shirt and jogging pants is sitting on the floor writing on a piece of paper with other papers arranged around her.
two girls talking about boys
a person cooking on a fire while a small child watches.
A person makes a pancake while a child watches.
Two girls riding an amusement park ride.
The two girls are screaming.
A lady watching kids play on a tree.
A woman is watching her children play.
A woman in a white skirt and training bra dances over a pile of leaves as a crowd of spectators looks on.
Spectators watch a performance piece from an artist.
People dressed in colorful outfits are gathered together.
People have dressed up for a party.
People dressed in colorful outfits are gathered together.
People wore cosplay costumes to the party.
A skateboarder is performing a trick in the air.
The skateboarder will land the trick.
In a Little League baseball game, the batter watches as the ball he has just hit flies off toward right field, with the catcher looking on.
The batter watches his potential home run fly
Women standing at a podium with a crowd and building in the background.
woman makes a speech
An elderly saxophonist performing at an outdoor event.
A world reknown musician performs his last performance at and outdoor music festival.
A man and a woman in blue jog on the sidewalk while a man stretches on a park bench.
A married couple jogging while a man stretches on a park bench.
A female acrobat wearing a red and white striped shirt and blue pants performs on a pole.
A female acrobat does her show in the center ring.
Two women in bathing suits walks across the sand.
Two enemies are walking across the sand.
Two women in bathing suits walks across the sand.
Two friends who are woman are walking across the sand.
Group sweeping away leakage while bystanders look on.
A group cleans up after a major leak.
Two construction workers complete a task near the ground while a third worker looks on.
A supervisor watches 2 men finish a job.
A man lying on the ground as vehicles pass by on the road.
A man fell off his bike on the road.
A young man in black and white striped shirt rests on the grass while traffic passes nearby on the road.
A boy wears a long sleeve shirt.
A float depicting religious imagery.
A float in a parade.
A man is rock climbing with protective rope.
A man is climbing the grand canyon.
Many people take pictures as a blond woman wearing a cover-up only costume holds a sign proclaiming "Photographers Not Predators" on a pier.
Many people's take photo with a yellow woman
Man with dark shirt in work gloves and a helmet that has a yellow flashlight attached.
An rescue worker looking for injured people.
A man cutting metal with a tool.
A man is cutting metal with the wrong tool.
A person wearing a striped shirt, headphones, and a headscarf watches a street with a large truck driving through.
A man watches a large truck filled with gravel drive down a busy street.
A man and a woman seated at a table, having drinks and deep in conversation.
Two people are on a dinner date.
Here are a bunch of people enjoying dinner and chatting.
The group is socializing at the company dinner.
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
A girl is crying, because she skinned her knee.
A person, surrounded by trash bags and wearing a conical shaped hat, is eating while sitting on purple and yellow colored steps.
A homeless person sits on steps.
A young man in a black shirt and an elderly woman in a pink shirt sitting on a train together.
The man is wearing shorts.
Person in yellow shirt is cleaning the way.
A maid is at her job in a house.
A man jogs on green grass with bare feet.
A man is practicing for his next race.
Young girl sitting on bleachers.
A girl is sitting watching people play sports.
A tan bird stands on a ledge about to eat something.
The bird is going to eat some bread.
Two marathon runners running through a forest.
The runners are close to the finish line.
A man is using a long lens on a camera to take a closeup of a colorful, chubby man on a bicycle with a large maroon and white umbrella attached to it.
A man taking a picture for a photography class he is taking.
A young boy wearing a military sunhat catches a Frisbee outdoors.
the boy is ten years old
An older man wearing glasses, striped shirt and green jacket carries a bouquet of flowers down a street.
An old man walks outdoors on a fall morning.
Flaming are shooting from the rear of a race car.
Flames are shooting from the rear of a race car as it takes off.
These two dogs are outside, with one on the ground and one jumping in the air to get a ball.
Two big, shaggy dogs are outside.
Two dogs play with tennis ball in field.
Dogs race each other to the ball.
Three people in traditional garb play bamboo instruments.
A trio in coordinating outfits are playing a traditional song on handmade bamboo instruments.
A man in a yellow and blue jeans is running through water.
A man is being chased.
A football player in a black uniform appears ready to tackle an opponent in a white uniform who is in possession of the ball.
The football player in the white uniform is about to make a touchdown.
Several men and women working out in a gym while a few other people videotape them.
The gym is crowded.
A black limousine in front of a marble building with a crowd of people on the buildings steps.
A black limousine is waiting for an important guest in front of a marble building.
A woman using a large camera while standing in the street.
A woman is taking a picture of a building outside.
A kid hitting a baseball in a baseball field.
The kid hitting the ball is practicing for his upcoming game.
A woman watching six televisions, while sitting on a hardwood floor in a beautiful room made of bricks with large windows, while a dark-haired man leaning on a windowsill is watching her.
The woman is editing a video.
A man in a black jacket is talking with two blond women as they stand near a car in the sunshine.
It is a nice day outside.
A classroom full of men, with the teacher up front.
A group of men are learning English
Boy standing in line in a grocery store with his items on the conveyor belt.
The boy is buying candy.
A old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street.
An old woman with her groceries tries to cross the street
A balding man wearing a brown jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down.
A balding man wearing a brown bomber jacket with his hands crossed and his head tilted down.
A man rock climbs with a city and body of water in the background.
The man enjoys rock climbing.
Two pedestrians walking past a sidewalk cafe on a cobblestone street.
two pedestrians walk on a cobblestone road past a cafe in France
The side of a building next to a church is painted with a brightly colored Coca-Cola sign.
The owner of a building is leasing out advertising space.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
The dogs are playing catch with each other.
A toddler in a denim hats plays in a tire.
A toddler playing in a tire in a junk yard.
Three Oklahoma Sooners playing football against another team, one of the sooners with the ball in their possession.
Rival college football players are playing a football game.
A young boy and his dog play at the edge of a public beach.
the kid plays with his dog at the beach on a saturday
A guy in a robe sitting on the edge of a hot tub smiling.
The man has been in the hot tub already today.
A guy in a robe sitting on the edge of a hot tub smiling.
The man likes the hot tub.
The little boy is in the park near a duck.
The little boy is feeding a duck in the park.
A band is playing on stage at a concert and the attendants are dancing to the music.
This is a prom.
A young female wearing a red sweater is sitting on a swing set in a park
The girl in the sweater is getting ready to jump off the swing.
A young man takes a walk carrying a backpack and camera.
The man is walking to a hostel
Men and women in swimsuits hangout on rocks above water.
The bathing suits are blue.
Some Women and Men are Sun Tanning, and watching the Ocean Waves, on a Bunch of Rocks.
The people are on an island.
A woman in orange performs with puppets while a little boy in a monkey costume walks by.
The puppeteer has her hand in a sock.
Young, attractive and fashionable girl posed for the camera as she sits on a rock in a park-like setting.
the girl is a supermodel
The baseball player is running after the ball.
The player dropped the ball.
People walking down a busy city street in the winter.
The people walking down a busy city street are trying to catch a limited release purchase event.
An elderly woman wearing a flower printed apron with a pink colored shirt is cooking inside her kitchen.
A women is cooking for her family
A man in a long-sleeved blue shirt and blue jeans has set up some name trains on the ground looking to sell his wares.
A man is wearing a large blue shirt.
A blue race car slides off the racetrack and hits white median bumpers with its rear.
There car racing had a roll cage.
A group of people walk down a pedestrian only street in Asia near large green trees and older brown buildings.
The people are on a guided tour.
a man with a blue jacket look at items.
A man looks over the wares at a flea market.
A lady and a man are on stage dancing with flexibility.
A brother and sister are dancing together.
A guy in a laundromat getting his things together.
A guy is getting his thongs together at the laundromat
A young boy kissing an old man on the forehead.
The boy is kissing his grandpa on the forehead.
A man walking into a shadow, holding a sign.
A man walking into a shadow, holding a sign for a protest.
A group of people are standing in front of parked bicycles on a corner with various carrying bags on the ground.
The group of people are sitting around having a picnic.
A group of people are standing in front of parked bicycles on a corner with various carrying bags on the ground.
The group of people standing in front of the bicycles are a family.
bicycles stationed while a group of people socialize.
People socialize near a bicycle stand after the race.
Several young people standing next to ten-speed bikes.
The young people are getting ready for a bike race.
A man and a woman smiling at a crying baby.
A husband and wife smile at the birth of their child.
A child in red is guided by an adult.
They are child and parent.
They are sitting with clothes on.
Several people wait for their luggage at the airport.
Two women with long hair are walking on a sidewalk under an overpass.
The models are on their way to the photoshoot.
A group of teenagers are standing in front of some tents, most of them are holding skateboards.
A group of teenagers are holding something
A woman in a blue coat walks in front of a sign with green men walking under the two words:berlin and kathmandu
A woman is going to watch a concert.
A woman in a blue coat walks in front of a sign with green men walking under the two words:berlin and kathmandu
A woman is walking away from a building.
A girl is getting ready to dive into a pool.
The girl in young.
a group of four people conversing next to a bus
Friends discuss their trip before the tour starts.
A woman with dark hair and a red dress sits next to a little girl with blond-hair and a white dress while reading a book.
A tall person with hair
A boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course.
A sad boy falls off of his scooter during an obstacle course.
A colorful array of motorcyclists gathered outdoors, with Joshua trees in the background and a pair of motorcyclists on a cherry-red cycle in the foreground.
A biker gang riding through the streets.
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera.
A man asks his friend to record him climbing a rock wall.
A man in jeans and a white shirt is standing near a rock formation with his back to the camera.
A man is on top of a rock formation, taking in the view.
A man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him.
The garbage man is picking up the trash.
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall.
A man in a hat is outside.
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall.
A man in a hat stands in front of a brick wall, waiting for his buddy to pick him up.
A man cooking food on the stove.
A man is cooking his wife a nutritious meal.
Interior of the restaurant chain: Planet Hollywood, various movie memorabilia decorate the space.
The inside of a restaurant that has been renovated and remodeled.
A man is playing the trumpet.
A man tests out a new trumpet
This young man is wearing blue jeans and a cowboy hat, and is walking away from a calf that is currently roped within an arena.
A tall person in jeans
A thin man in a maroon shirt standing next to a pay phone.
The man is finding change to use the payphone.
A man and a woman are boxing in a park with flowering trees.
The man and woman are practicing for a fight.
Three boys wearing life jackets are on top of innertube in the water.
Three boys have just been down a waterslide.
A group of people are sitting at a table which has glasses of beer on it.
The people are friend
Two men and three women are sitting at a rectangular wooden table drinking beer from glasses of various shapes.
A group of people having drinks while they discuss a future business plan.
Several smiling people of varying ages sitting around a table with glasses of beer in front of them.
Several people are celebrating their company going public.
Two young boys in swimming trunks are in the water looking at each other.
The brothers look at each other
Children playing on a playground.
Children are at recess during school.
A little blond girl is wrapped up in a Care Bears blanket with Christmas paper behind her.
A little blonde girl got a Care Bears blanket as Christmas gift.
A woman cutting fabric flowers in a market.
A woman cuts fabric flowers in a market while a crowd watches.
A person in a green canoe paddles down rapids carrying oars and wearing an orange and black top.
a person on a river paddles a canoe
A person in a green canoe paddles down rapids carrying oars and wearing an orange and black top.
a man with a life vest paddles a canoe
A shirtless man is being filmed in the middle of a soccer field.
A man is celebrating on camera after scoring a goal.
People sit around tables watching intently under a cloth covering.
People sit around tables watching bowlers intently under a cloth covering.
People sit around tables watching intently under a cloth covering.
People sit around tables in a living room watching intently under a cloth covering.
A boy and a girl walk through the city.
A boy and a girl are walking through a dirty city.
One man is shirtless while the other two men work on construction
Three men are working on a new skyscaper in town.
One man is shirtless while the other two men work on construction
Three men are outdoors.
The lady in the red jacket is helping the other lady decide what to buy.
The 2 ladies are related.
A downtown shot of a man on his cellphone under an awning.
A businessman calls his office to make sure that his secretary cancels his appointments.
Man in white shirt and blue jeans looking to the side while walking down a busy sidewalk.
A man is approaching another man.
There is a street with buildings and one man in black walking on the side of the road.
The buildings are corporate offices.
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk.
A woman riding a bicycle near a group of her friends on the sidewalk.
A man jumps in front of a palace in China.
The street is crowded.
A nicely dressed woman putting a handful of cotton candy in her mouth in a public square in Europe.
A woman is eating blueberry flavored cotton candy while in a public square in Europe.
Two men play a game of chess in the park while two others eagerly await their chance
It is a sunny day in the park while two men play chess.
Couple walking on the beach.
The couple are holding hands.
Two hikers crossing a snowy field, with mountainous terrain behind them.
Two hikers are returning to base camp.
Two backpackers look at scenic mountains.
Two guys are rock climbers.
An airplane flying over a fence with a few bystanders watching it as it approaches its landing.
The bystanders are terrorists.
Group of people stand near a fence watching a plane fly over them
The people are watching a plane show
A blond man stands next to a cement mixer with mountains in the background.
A construction worker stands outside in front of some mountains.
A teenage girl stands in a large industrial garage with two boys sitting in the background.
A group of teens are waiting for their parents in a large garage.
Three individuals are wearing tight blue nylon suits with one instructor in all black with a ponytail assisting them with putting on harnesses.
Three individuals are wearing tight blue nylon suits outside.
A live band on a lawn jamming out.
A live band on a lawn jamming out for the holiday crowd.
A young lady walking down the street wearing a black jacket, sunglasses, sneakers, jeans, & gloves.
A lady dressed in black is heading to the office.
Boy reading book with company of a rolled over dog.
The boy is reading a book about trains.
A young girl with a white vest, pink sleeves and pink knit hat with flower is looking at the flower blossoms on a tree.
The girl is dressed up for a party.
This wildly dressed couple are walking past a poster.
The couple are at a music festival.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
The girl in the colorful outfit is the other girl's sister.
Five people are playing in a gymnasium.
the people are girls
A man sits on a bench beside his bike while viewing the scenery around him overlooking a busy city.
The man is tired from riding his bike.
These three men dressed in blue, yellow and white, are playing a sport.
The men are playing football.
A doctor is performing surgery.
A doctor is doing a good job.
Two women eating lunch in a cafe smile at the photographer.
Two models are photographed by a paparazzi.
Children participating at a party while looking at the one kid in exuberance over the new toy.
A child just opened his smallest gift at his party
A chef is giving a sample of food to a customer.
A chef gives a sample of his specialty.
The crew shells are passing under marker 7, with the nearest shell in front by a good margin.
a race of some sort is underway
Elderly man painting a picture with a small paintbrush.
An elderly artist is painting his latest masterpiece.
This football team wears red shirts and red helmets.
They are outdoors on the field.
A girl and two boys are playing in water.
The children are at the beach.
Two girls are walking in car wash parking lot.
Two girls drop of their car to be washed.
A man in an apron sits at a table in front of a restaurant, while another man crosses the street with a purple gift bag and rolling luggage.
The waiter takes a break after cleaning up the cafe, and the last customer leaves.
A girl in a purple sweatshirt bends over backwards.
A girl bends over backwards to do her gymnastics routine.
A little boy in green is kicking a soccer ball and 6 boys in referee shirts are following him.
The kid is competing in a game.
Two women dressed for cold weather in jackets and gloves look at something on a cellphone screen.
The women are wearing pink hats.
Two entertainers on a stage performing acrobatic moves.
Two entertainers are performing acrobatics in a car.
Two entertainers on a stage performing acrobatic moves.
Two entertainers are performing acrobatics for an unusually large crowd.
Four men are standing outside near a white truck bed.
four men chatting
A large man in white dances in the middle of a crowd holding a beverage in his hand.
A man dances at a wedding.
A large man in white dances in the middle of a crowd holding a beverage in his hand.
A man is enjoying himself dancing.
A worried blond-haired baby is sitting inside a large, shiny metal cooking pot that is on top of an electric stove.
A baby being cooked on the stove.
A band performing with a girl singing and a guy next to her singing as well while playing the guitar
They like rock music the best.
A female sings and plays into a microphone and a male in green striped shorts plays a hand drum
a woman sings her favorite song into a microphone
Six men, all wearing identifying number plaques, are participating in an outdoor race.
a group of marathoners run
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
A father and daughter taking a walk.
The pets play in the apartment.
The dogs are playing with cats.
Young African children are playing in a dirt and gravel street dressed in shorts and t-shirts.
The children are playing soccer.
The tops of a large number of balloons are visible behind a wall, with a large high rise building in the background.
A bunch of balloons can be seen as people wait for a surprise party to start.
Thick clouds masked the sky for the Braun sponsored event as the crowd looked up at the raised platform while a small group of bike stunt riders watched one rider land on his feet while his bike was still in the air.
They are hoping that they get a chance to perform, because it looks like it might rain.
A middle-aged man in a gray t-shirt and brown pants sitting on his bed reading a flyer-like paper.
He is reading a flyer about a new job he is interested in.
Young man with a beard is sitting on the edge of the bed reading a manual.
He has the light on.
Ski equipment sits alone on a snowy mountain
Skis and boots are outside a ski lodge while the skiers enjoy a hot drink indoors.
A man tries to get himself into shape on a treadmill.
A man running on a treadmill to run a marathon
Two men are standing in front of musical mixing equipment.
There are people indoors.
Two men are standing in front of musical mixing equipment.
Two men are making sure the musical mixing equipment is good to go for Skrillex.
There is a teen boy and a younger boy with the same shirts on in a room full of people.
People are on a class trip.
Skiiers are walking through the snow near the mountains.
There are people and animals in the snow.
A baby with star shades on.
A baby getting its picture taken.
A boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer.
A boy is showing off the prizes he won at the fair.
A little boy is sitting next to a bed while wearing orange sunglasses and playing with a toy hammer
A little boy is playing inside his bedroom
A girl leaps through the air while running on the riverbank.
The girl is wearing pants.
A man pushing a food cart stands in front of a stone building and holds onto the bars covering a window.
A man peering into a window to see if others would like to buy some food.
An older and younger man smiling.
Two men are smiling and laughing at the cats playing on the floor.
A girl in a pink shirt is teaching a young man in a striped sweater how to knit.
The girl is teaching her boyfriend how to knit.
A race car speeds away while a man covers his ears.
The race car is on a track
A lady with red-hair peeking into the back of a car.
A lady is looking in a car at a dog.
A man playing a banjo near a tree at an outdoor event.
The man playing a banjo is trying to earn money.
The band prepares for the next song.
The band has been together for years.
The band prepares for the next song.
There are multiple people present.
An older man indulging in a bottle of amber liquid.
An older man is drinking beer from a bottle.
A group of Chinese people are relaxing in the water.
A group of Chinese people at standing in water.
A group of Chinese people are relaxing in the water.
A group of Chinese people are at the beach.
A man in a white shirt is sitting on a crate.
The man is old.
An Asian man stands behind a makeshift storefront with a handmade yellow poster advertising watch repair.
A man stands by his watch shop.
A lady in a blue shirt and hat dancing with a man in sunglasses.
The dancing couple is married
Child inside of large snow fort.
A kid stuck in a huge pile of snow.
There are people at the train station waiting for their trains and other trains are whizzing by them.
The people are waiting for a late train.
Three young men are cleaning up a classroom.
Three young men in detention clean a classroom.
The brown and black dog has his mouth open.
a dog is hot
Here is a picture of a bald man with a beard and sunglasses, washing his hands at a spring or waterfall.
The man has some dirt on his hands.
A young girl jumping in front of the White House.
Someone is playing jump rope.
A boy in a red shirt with arms outstretched on the side of hill.
A boy is pretending to be an airplane as he runs around on a hill.
A group of men are seated around a table and eating.
Men having a conversation
A man holds a baby, which is chewing on eyeglasses.
The grandpa is holding the baby
A slender, blond-haired woman in a low-cut white shirt walks by a menu with items written in a foreign language.
a woman walks to lunch
A gentleman cooks multiple dishes while preparing extra ingredients in his kitchen, windows open behind him.
A chef prepares a meal for a food critic.
A woman pulls a small child in a sled through the snow.
A mother takes her child out sledding.
A woman is pulling a child on a sled in the snow.
A mother pulls a child on a sled during a fun day at Big Bear.
Two kids in winter clothing play near a lakefront.
kids playing near a lake on vacation
A line of rollerbladers crouch down aerodynamically
A group of rollerbladers are performing a trick for the crowd.
A band places at a venue.
A band played hard rock at a venue
A man and woman look like they are having their picture taken in front of a famous building in France.
A man and woman look like they are happily having their picture taken.
Two white-haired women, both wearing hats, play saxophones while standing in front of a pair of landscape paintings.
Two women make noise.
Two white-haired women, both wearing hats, play saxophones while standing in front of a pair of landscape paintings.
Two jazzwomen improvise together.
A woman in a black jacket with yellow on the back talking to a man with a black jacket and cameras hanging down from his shoulders and neck.
He is a photographer for a newspaper.
A lone, 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room.
The child is looking for his mom.
A lone, 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room.
The jacket is moldy.
A girl jumping on pavement.
A girl outside
A woman reaching for candy bars that are on a shelf.
The candy bars are above the womans head.
Grilling ribs, chicken kabobs, and vegetable kabobs.
We went out to eat.
Grilling ribs, chicken kabobs, and vegetable kabobs.
The family were grilling dinner.
A woman with dark hair wearing a dark shirt, jeans, and glasses is talking into a microphone.
A reporter is doing a live news report.
A woman with dark hair wearing a dark shirt, jeans, and glasses is talking into a microphone.
The woman is addressing a crowd.
One of the hockey players just tried to score
The game is very intense and even.
Two women looking at the camera and a man looking away.
A group of people hugging.
A woman with a guitar smiles in front of a microphone.
A woman is singing.
A woman with a guitar smiles in front of a microphone.
A woman is singing "Happy Birthday."
An Asian man in a t-shirt and sandals is smoking a pipe while sitting on a rock in front of a body of water.
The man is tired.
A small girl is unwrapping a green present with toys strewn around.
It's Christmas
A man in a backwards baseball cap, black shirt and blue shorts behind the steering wheel of a boat with a flag behind him.
The boat is fast.
A woman is sitting outside while holding two cats.
This person likes cats.
A green bike is parked next to a door.
The bike is chained to the door.
A white dog with brown ears runs down a gravel path with a ball in its mouth.
A dog runs down a path with a green ball.
The boy wearing the blue hooded top is holding a baby goat in his arms.
The goat jumped into the boys arms.
A blond-haired lady with a gray tank top and jeans is holding her phone while she puts her other hand through her hair while a dark-haired lady walks next to her.
A woman and her best friend walk through the hallway.
Two people ride yellow motorcycles.
Two people are racing motorcycles.
A brown dog is about to catch a treat.
A brown dog receives a rawhide treat.
Three dogs racing on racetrack
Three dogs chase after a rabbit on the racetrack.
A man with a beard, curly hair and a beard wearing a green shirt and navy blue jacket standing still looking through his red sunglasses.
A man has a walking stick.
A little girl is sitting on a bench in a park.
The little girl is having fun.
A little blond boy throwing a soapy sponge at his moms car.
A small boy is mad at his mother and throws a sponge at her car.
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat.
The woman is blonde.
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat.
The woman is asleep.
A young oriental girl receives help on a science project from an adult, not completely seen in the image.
A teacher guides the student in regards to her homework.
An older woman wearing blue and a rag on her head holding a young child.
The older woman has her grandson.
Friends running a race hand in hand.
people running holding hands because they are in love
Young girls are running along in a park.
Several girls run a race together in a park.
A band playing with fans watching.
Fans watch a hard rock band play
A small child playing in a dusty square.
A child is playing with a doll.
A man holding a sleeping child walks with a woman.
A husband and wife carry their son down the street
Two children in swimming trunks are standing under a water sprinkler while a crowd looks on.
Two brothers play in the water without even noticing the crowd
Two women behind a net check their cellphones, while two men sitting on a curb chat to each other.
The two women checking their cellphones are wives of the two men on the curb.
An Asian woman is looking at the camera while trimming asparagus.
Woman prepares an asparagus casserole.
A young girl jumps high with the help of her bungie harness device and a safety spotter.
A child participates in trampoline practice.
Man is chopping wood and is about to be pushed over by another person.
Two lumberjacks are horseplaying.
A man on a small 4 wheeled vehicle is flying through the air.
The vehicle is black.
A baby wearing yellow is pretending to be a doctor while inside a stroller.
The baby wants to be a doctor when he/she grows up
a woman in green stands with her hands on her hips.
A mother is angry.
Two people are in a green forest.
The people are friends.
A woman in a blue dress is sweeping the floor in a cobblestone road
The woman sweeps in preparation.
A girl lays on a wooden deck with a piece of clothing covering her face.
A person is taking a nap on a summer afternoon.
A man with a fist shares his ego with another man in a brown shirt.
The man in the brown shirt is scared.
A man with a fist shares his ego with another man in a brown shirt.
They are fighting.
A young man and a young women in white lab coats are reading a biology textbook together and looking at a microscope in a laboratory.
Two scientists are conducting an experiment.
A man wearing glasses and a dark coat looks at something to the left of the picture.
A mark in a dark coat looks to someone else.
A woman wearing a yellow and white outfit is exiting the vehicle while using city transportation.
A woman dressed in white pants and a yellow blouse exits the large city bus.
Brown-haired woman talking to man with backpack.
A man and women are flirting with each other
A young boy in a black tee-shirt stands on the corner as two men parallel to him are engaged in some activity.
A boy is watching two men spar
A group of people playing guitars and singing.
The group is a folk music band practicing before their first gig.
There is a group of three women and one man singing while one of the woman plays a guitar.
Tall people singing
A young man moving aside to let a young woman pass by.
A man checks out a woman who passes him.
A left-handed pitcher wearing the number 40 is throwing a ball to a catcher.
he throws a strike
A man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches.
A cyclist just wiped out and is trying to get up
Toddler walking along path.
toddler is walking to his mom
Two young males playing basketball on a basketball court.
The high school freshmen practice in hopes of making varsity.
Two black dogs running
The two black dogs are running beside each other.
A woman dressed in a blue long-sleeved shirt and wearing a hairnet.
The woman has something on her head.
One football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
A woman with a ball being chased by a football player.
A woman with red-hair and wearing a black tank top and short jeans shorts appears to be yelling.
A woman with red-hair and wearing a black tank top screams at her son who is crossing the road without looking both ways.
A scientist with a checkered shirt on is looking into a microscope to learn more about the world.
A scientist is close to a scientific breakthrough.
A salt-and-pepper-haired man with beard and glasses wearing black sits on the grass.
A man waiting for someone while sitting on the grass.
A man wearing glasses and black clothing is sitting while a man in a vest drinks in the background.
A man is wearing glasses and light black clothing.
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
people talk about sticking tongue on pole
A family day at the beach.
There are a lot of families at the beach today.
The man in the blue pants is doing a trick with his skateboard.
A man does a kickflip on his skateboard.
A man in a black long-sleeved tee-shirt is walking down the street with a cane.
A man walking to the store.
Two construction workers in a truck having a conversation.
Two people are having an arguement.
Numerous people sitting in a dim lit room talking, drinking coffee and using computers.
Many people are at a staff meeting.
Two women wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other.
The women are talking about their shopping trips.
A female belly dancer dressed in blue and orange performs a folding fan dance with two men providing the music behind her; they are using a guitar and drums.
A female belly dancer is performing in front of an audience with 2 males behind her supplying music.
A ceremony with one man speaking and another man adjusting the robes on other person whose faces is partially covered being held in a mosque with many observers.
They are preparing for a rite.
A man without a shirt walking towards a gas station.
A shirtless man is holding a gas container walking to a gas station.
young female in striped shirt holding baby boy with red striped outfit
Young woman holder her son.
Very large group of old people riding in boats down a river.
A geriatric group of student canoeists follow their instructor.
An elderly man sleeping in a outdoor chair while another woman sits next to him.
Two people are outside.
An elderly man sleeping in a outdoor chair while another woman sits next to him.
A man and his wife are relaxing outside.
Male and female ballerinas dancing together and he is holding her slightly in air.
A man and women exercising
A woman with long dark hair is carrying a bag over her shoulder which says "hot" in metallic pink letters.
A lady carries her lunch to work in a shoulder bag with "HOT" written on it.
A young man wearing a bandanna is lifting weights with a barbell.
The man is muscular.
The man and the lady are wearing glasses and sitting in red chairs talking to John McCain.
Two people are having coffee with John McCain.
A man in a dark suit talks with a middle-aged man and woman on a stage in front of a large logo of the letter "D" with the numeral five within it.
A couple of people are sitting in a room.
A man in a dark suit talks with a middle-aged man and woman on a stage in front of a large logo of the letter "D" with the numeral five within it.
A couple of people are presenting at a conference.
Man with short hair moves wooden structure.
The man moves the wooden post.
Man with short hair moves wooden structure.
The man fixes the wooden fence.
a blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
Some girls are in gymnastic class.
A person wearing a helmet and riding suit is riding a four wheeler on a dusty plot of land.
A person is riding a four wheeler on a dusty plot of land to get to work.
Two young adult passengers of a vehicle are sleeping.
Two family members are asleep in the back seat of a vehicle.
A woman smiling as she hold two white dishes of food up, there is also a table full of food on the table.
A woman is proud of her culinary accomplishments.
A group of numbered participants walk down the street together.
Participants wait for the beginning of the walkathon.
A young boy in a green shirt and blue pants is playing with a blue toy train on a wooden track.
A young boy is pretending he is a train engineer.
A boy in a blue life jacket jumps off a board into the lake.
The boy is happy
People getting ready to cut a birthday cake.
they got ready to cut the cake on christmas
A bronze-skinned woman walks a pedestrian path in a form fitting dress.
The woman is going to her hot date.
Soldier watches as a train zooms by.
Soldier is doing a crossword as he watches the train.
A man in a brown hat with a beard is holding up a twig.
man trying to start fire
A white cat sits on a wall.
The wall is a part of the cats home.
A man walking in front of a black cement wall with a bag on his shoulder.
A man is in an alley.
girl posing against a wall in the city
A girl is taking a picture to upload to her Facebook.
Three men in white, black and blue shirts with jeans standing on a cliff over the ocean.
A man is about to jump off a cliff into some water.
A young girl who is barefoot and with a scarf over her head dips her pen in ink and writes in a notebook.
girl writes poem
A group of Asian children are gathered around in a circle listening to an older male in a white shirt.
A male is telling some asian kids a story about the lion king
A group of young men and women are crouched in a circle.
The people are talking.
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall.
The woman was sitting on a rubber floating device in the pool.
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall.
The woman was wearing a bathing suit.
A skater performs a stunt off a cement wall covered in graffiti.
A skateboarder falling off his board, onto the concrete below.
A skater performs a stunt off a cement wall covered in graffiti.
The city youth enjoying his skateboard, executing from the wall he painted.
A man and woman are talking in a party atmosphere with a crowd and purple and blue lights behind them.
A man flirts with a girl at a party and hopes to take her home.
The woman in the black shirt attempts to find her bike in the midst of the crowded street.
A woman wearing a short skirt is on a crowded street.
A man on a bicycle stops for a rest with his leashed dogs.
The man has three dogs with him.
A girl in a hate with ear flaps and a sweater.
A girl wears the hat and sweater she received for Christmas.
A girl with a cigarette in hand and a guy with a green hat wave at the camera.
The girl is smoking a Camel.
Two women in a embrace of greetings, one of them is holding flowers and they are greeting each other of a kiss.
Two elderly women greeting eachother after years of not seeing eachother.
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track.
A dog is winning the race.
A young boy is dumping a bag of Lego's onto a glass table.
A boy is excited to build a castle out of legos.
A snowboarder jumps high into the air off of a snowy ramp.
Snowboarder tries out a new board off a ramp.
Two kickboxers compete in front of a live audience.
there is a auditorium where audience are watching live kickboxing
A little girl in pink boots runs down the street.
A little girl in a yellow dress and pink boots is running down the street after a little boy.
A model is standing next too a blue jeep.
The jeep is new.
A man in plaid pants and a vest is speaking into a microphone to a group of people, who do n't appear to be looking at him.
The man is looking unhappy.
A man wearing a top-hat, blue plaid pajama pants, a white shirt, and gold embroidered vest stands in front of an American Flag under a colorfully painted street-front, and speaks to a crowd from a microphone.
A man is singing the national anthem
A man in a white t-shirt and blue shorts is rock climbing up a sheer face
A man is climbing Mt Everest.
A young puppy suckles from his mother.
The puppy's eyes are still closed.
Children play on a sit-and-spin at the local playground while others slide in the background.
Children are trying to enjoy the outside before a snowstorm
Three people are standing on the dock of a boat looking at something off-camera.
A shark is out of the frame.
Small boy wearing blue shorts sitting on bed.
The boy is 6 years old.
Three children, two boys and one girl, are standing behind bars with their mouths open like they are screaming.
The children scream as a monster jumps out
A girl wearing blue and brown holding bags standing in the end of a tunnel.
A runaway girl is wearing blue and brown while she stands at the end of a tunnel holding bags.
Sidewalk flower cart vendor.
Tulip vendor by the curb.
A lady looks to her right and holds a mini camera.
A lady is taking a picture.
A woman holding a camera.
A woman holds a camera and prepares to take a photo of her family.
A man with a blue shirt and red scarf on his head holds a piece of fruit in front of a wood container full of fruit while a boy bicycles behind him.
A boy bicycles behind his father.
Woman reaching for food at the supermarket.
Woman is reaching for frozen corn at the store.
A man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti.
A man is skateboarding at a place that has gang presence.
The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick.
The dog is playing with a stick on the beach.
A small blond child is playing with puzzle piece of varying color on the leg of someone else.
A small child is playing by his mom.
A person is climbing a cliff wall, over a rocky shore, using a rope.
A man climbs over treacherous rocks to reach the fishing hole.
A man in a white hat and a woman in a light blue jacket have stopped on a busy street to look at something.
A couple stops to look for directions on the busy street.
A frightened boy is carrying a hammer, ready to defend himself.
The boy is crying.
Competitive bikers in an inside race cross a line with one biker in blue and white raising his arm.
The bikers race competitively for a large cash prize.
Competitive bikers in an inside race cross a line with one biker in blue and white raising his arm.
A race between competitive bikers on an inside track begins as a biker raises his arm.
Two men, one wearing a red shirt and another wearing a blue shirt, are inspecting a small tree while others are at work in the background.
Two lumberjacks consult each other on how to down a tree.
Two hikers are climbing through a rocky and snowy passage in the mountains.
people hike to top of mountain
A man in a blue shirt and blue jeans rides a dark brown horse with white feet at the rodeo.
the man is black
Five people wear name tags on a necklace and pose together.
Coworkers at a seminar having their picture taken.
A man in a tank top holds a metal bar against a wall.
The man is demolishing a house.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps playing music.
People are walking into a store.
The store is having a grand opening.
People are walking into a store.
People are going shopping.
A woman in a blue shirt and black workout pants practicing martial arts in front of a house.
A woman has a light blue shirt.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A large tan dog is running with a patch of grass in its mouth.
People and cars are on a parking lot surrounded by multiple building, one of which has the word PROLOGy above it.
The parking lot is full of green and white cars.
A man in a striped shirt and lady in a black hat are watching a young band perform on stage.
A lady has a light black hat.
A little girl at a museum.
A person at a museum looking at dinosaurs.
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
A dog ran away from the racetrack.
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail.
The tourists are being guided on their trip.
A guy pointing at a giant Blackberry.
A man pointing to a display he just put up.
A young boy is taking a nap underneath a piece of cardboard that reads, "Connie Facial Tissues."
The homeless boy takes a nap outside
A shirtless man wearing white shorts.
A man in white shorts is lying on a park bench.
A shirtless man wearing white shorts.
A man in white shorts is running on the sidewalk.
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water.
A boy is building a sandcastle near the water.
People cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
People cheer as a stunt rider jumps over a car on a ramp.
People stand on boat dock waiting for their boat to arrive.
People are waiting for the boat to arrive so they can start their cruise.
Three men sit on a bench outside.
Three businessmen sit on a bench discussing capital gains taxes.
A group of people are watching something.
A group of people are whale watching.
The player from the black team is telling something to the player of the red team.
The two teams are relaxing before the match.
A man with a blue shirt and glasses points to a picture in a book in front of a little girl and a stack of books.
The girl is interested in the picture.
A man on a bike under a large red umbrella gestures at a group of people.
A man is attempting to get people to come in out of the rain.
A boy in a blue bathing suit jumps with his arms in the air in a backyard setting.
A boy jumps through the sprinklers.
A man with a hooded sweatshirt bows his head in a cathedral.
A priest in a hoodie bows in a cathedral.
A gentleman overlooking a neighborhood situation.
A police officer watches a situation closely.
Two tanned men wearing shorts are pulling a fishing net along a beach shore.
The man are pulling in tuna fish.
A snowboarder is grinding on a rail in a snowy, mountainous area.
The snowboarder is in fear.
The man wearing jacket is looking at he bike.
A man is staring at the blue bike.
A girl in uniform running through the water fountain gushing water from the tiles.
A girls is happy
A young girl in her school uniform dances in a water sculpture in the middle of a crowded public square.
The crowd is watching the girl.
A woman walking a dog on a leash at the beach, trailing behind as a pug follows another unseen woman.
a large woman walks a dog
A woman wearing a brown jacket and brown pants is walking her two dogs along the beach as they follow another person.
A man and women take their dogs for a walk on the beach.
The older man in a dark blue shirt is using tools to make glass before putting them into a heated kiln.
A man is making a glass jar.
An elderly man is looking through his glasses while working with hot metal.
man making a sword
A young boy showing off a orange and white striped costume with a orange and white joker hat.
The boy has brown hair.
A young boy showing off a orange and white striped costume with a orange and white joker hat.
The boy is under the age of 18.
Two children lined up outside in a grassy field with their arms stretched out to the sides.
Two kids were running outside with their arms out like airplane wings.
A man in a white shirt riding a bike down the pavement.
The man is working.
A crowd of people are standing against a railing.
The people are all looking at something.
Young boys playing indoor basketball, one team has black and white uniforms, the other has orange and white.
Several friends are playing a game of basketball.
Beautiful red car among many at a car show full of excited car enthusiasts held on a tree lined street.
The car enthusiasts were all men.
A man in a blue uniform jumps in the air to shoot a basketball.
The man is playing in an NBA game.
Two young children are sitting atop an elephant that is eating greens and standing in front a platform with man dressed in a white shirt standing off to the side.
The man is telling the elephant where to go.
Two people kiss on a street blindly-lit in bright white sun while several silhouetted pedestrians walk behind them.
A woman kisses a man in the street after he asks her to marry him.
An older man in a blue shirt planting seed in pots with potting soil.
A tall man plating
Four people work in a green field, two wearing white and two wearing red, with green bushes and trees in the background.
A group of people are picking cotton.
A woman sits in a blue chair outside a brick house.
The woman is enjoying the weather.
An old man is sitting down in the street.
The old man needs to rest because he is tired from his long journey.
An old man is sitting down in the street.
The old man takes a rest.
Greyhounds race on a sandy track with the dog in green taking the lead.
Dogs are racing on a track on a sunny afternoon
A man in a gray long-sleeved shirt is making a transaction with another person from his street market.
A man is trying to sell his bowling ball collection
Four people wearing street clothes work on the scalp of a woman in an improvised medical treatment.
She is hoping to fix her balding.
One woman walking across the street, another on sidewalk.
Women separate after lunch.
A family sits on a bench near a beach.
A family is eating lunch while eating on a bench.
Guy hitting a baseball in a field of grass outside.
A man is a professional baseball player.
A man in red and black about to strike a tennis ball.
A man is a tennis pro.
man in mid stride suspended in air, about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court.
Man about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court to win the game.
A band performing on the corner of the street.
A bluegrass band plays for the passerby.
a skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp.
A skateboarder likes to skateboard on ramps.
a skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp.
A skateboard is performing in front of his friends.
A young man wearing a black shirt and black pants is standing in front of pictures that are black and white and some are colored.
The man is looking at the pictures.
Two people in leather jackets and jeans stand outside large, red, metal doors.
The two people are about to go in the doors.
A protest with a person wearing a black dress holding a red umbrella.
People are protesting police tactics.
Group of women in red swimsuits perform a dance routine in the sand at 2008 beijing olympics.
The women are uncomfortable because of the hot sand beneath their feet.
A person in a striped gray and white shirt moves his bicycle past another man in a yellow shirt and blue pants.
The person is heading to the market on their bicycle.
A soccer ball is above the head of a man wearing black shorts and red and black striped shirt.
A tall person in shorts
Three women and one man are sitting on a ledge facing away towards a large window.
A group of people are on a balcony.
two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio.
Two golden dogs chewing on a cushion, waiting for their master to come home.
A kid with his head shaved sitting and holding a lit cigarette.
Child holds lit cigarette for his dad.
A Man in a blue shirt and jeans is walking across the street.
The man is walking to a store.
The back view of a woman in a colorful shirt sitting next to a woman in a black top.
Two women having a conversation
A large group of people walking down a city street.
group of people going to lunch
A man sits on a bench with some bags.
A guy is sitting on a bench with his shopping bags and a dog sits by him.
A man sits on a bench with some bags.
A guy is sitting on a bench with his shopping bags.
Two women walking near a pond.
Two women walking around a pond, talking.
Two children throw dead leaves into the air around them.
The kids wer raking leaves up in the yard and stopped to play for a minute.
A man with a white shirt and blue jeans are skating on a skating device.
The man has never skated before.
Two men are in a boxing match where a man in the red boxing trunks is hitting the man in the purple trunks.
The two men boxing are hispanic.
Two little boys eat McDonald's while sitting at a table and chairs outside, where others are also eating.
Two kids eat Happy Meals at an outside table.
A dog running on grass
A dog is playing outside.
A man in an orange vest is waiting at a train station.
A man is sitting outside a train station.
A man in an orange vest is waiting at a train station.
A man is sitting down on a bench.
Two men, one with a black shirt and the other with a white shirt, are kicking each other without making contact.
Two men are fighting over a girl
A man wearing all white is using an orange chainsaw to cut down a thick tree next to his house.
A person is outdoors in the rain cutting down trees surrounding his home.
Two women in costume, one dressed as a mermaid, the other as a fairy, are handing out brochures.
It is Halloween.
Two men inside a tent are examining the floor.
men looking at the floor because they are uncertain
A woman hanging the laundry outside.
A woman is using wooden clothespins.
A man wearing a green shirt and a leaf on his head, runs in a race with a bottle of water in his hand and his eyes closed.
A man is a marathon runner
A woman dressed in a light yellow tank top, white pants, and sunglasses looks to her right as she is drinking a bottle of water.
A woman is outside in summer.
A man in a blue shirt, khaki shorts, ball cap and white socks and loafers walking behind a group of people walking down a stone walkway with a water bottle in his left hand.
The man is dressed up because he is going to a funeral.
Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him.
The guy teaches his new guitar tricks to his friend.
A man with a black shirt, shorts and a black messenger bag, is listening to a man, sitting with black pants and a white t-shirt, playing the guitar.
One man serenades the other man.
An man wearing headphones observes an older man performing his guitar on a public street bench.
One man is listening to rap music while the older man is playing rock music
A man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces.
The men do not like the coffee that they are drinking.
A person wearing jeans, a blue shirt and a helmet is riding a four-wheeler in a sandy area.
A man is driving a four wheeler on the beach.
A man with a cap and brown shirt is standing on a grassy incline by a pile of hay or grass on some kind of wooden sled attached to a horse with chains.
A farmer is leading his horse carrying hay back to the barn.
People standing around a busy outdoor market.
There are several people browsing the tomato selection at the local farmer's market.
An older man sitting on a bench, on the sidewalk, reading a book.
An old guy sits on a bench by a cracked sidewalk reading a red book.
A man in a suit and tie is opening a door.
The man is on his way to his first job interview after graduating college.
A group of people stand around a young man wearing a black and white checkered shirt who is sitting at a table with his head down.
The man has a headache.
A small child, wearing a big coat and snow boots, is unhappy while she tries to play outside with her playhouse while it is snowing.
A child wishes for Spring.
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth.
The dog is retrieving a tennis ball
A music conductor is leading his orchestra in a grand hall, where an audience is watching the performance.
A conductor is conducting a Beethoven symphony in front of a Parisian crowd.
A cleaning women looking into a mall trashcan
The woman is cleaning.
A soccer game with multiple males playing.
A men's soccer team winning the World Cup.
A guy with long hair, a ball cap, and a blue shirt is smiling as he walks along the boardwalk
the man is white
A little girl wearing a cardboard diner hat is finishing off some onion rings at a restaurant.
There is a girl celebrating her birthday at a restaurant.
A woman is standing on the sidewalk, in front of a crosswalk.
A crossing guard waits for school to let out.
Two Asian women are next to a table that has food on it.
The women are sitting down to lunch.
Two Asian women are next to a table that has food on it.
The women are having a drink together.
a boy and girl hold hands walking down a railroad track
The couple are getting their pictures professionally taken at the railroad tracks.
People crowd around a street filled with colorful buses.
The group is waiting for the band members to exit their colorful buses.
People walk amongst a traffic jam in a crowded city.
There are many red cars.
A beautiful woman puts on a look of amazement while she wears native clothing.
the woman is white
Four people stand next to some bikes while one of them points.
Four people are standing and one of them is pointing at an airplane in the sky.
An old man looks at an unknown contraption from MakerBot Industries.
A man is trying to figure out how to work a 3-d printer.
Men in dark clothes and women in dark, decorative skirts are looking at books while another man is standing in front of them holding a circular object.
the people are old
Many women shoppers walking on suburban street.
women are waiting for a sale
A white man in the shower has fashioned his hair into a mohawk hairstyle using soap suds.
A man in the shower makes a funny hairstyle for his laughing son.
A man under a running shower with shampoo in his hair.
A man is shampooing his hair in a shower with a ducky themed shower curtain.
An artist dressed in a gray sweatshirt is working on a brightly colored painting of a town.
A painter is wearing a dark colored apron with a brush in her right hand.
A rescue diver just getting out of the dirty water.
The rescue diver has rescued a young boy from the muddy river.
Young woman celebrates getting a strike during a bowling game.
The young women helped them win the game.
A man tumbles as spectators watch at the University of Michigan.
The man is falling down the stairs at a sports game.
A dalmatian runs through the woods.
the dog is chasing a rabbit.
a man exiting a truck behind a fence
A man gets ready to go to work.
A young asian woman stands with her luggage.
A woman is at a airport.
A short-haired man in a pink striped shirt is turned away from the camera while holding a tray carrying a number of glasses, while a frizzy-haired woman looks on.
A tall person with hair
An older woman sits at a table in a tank top and skirt.
A woman is waiting for her drink
An old woman drinking water in a yellow room
A n old woman is waitng for someone in a yellow room.
Some pedestrians with multiple shopping bags walk down a paved walkway.
Three women walk down a walkway
The person and the dog are sitting on the yellow canoe.
The canoe is in the water.
This young girl's eyes are filled with excitement as she swings in her bright yellow dress.
The girl is wearing black slippers.
A young female toddler wearing a yellow dress is seated in a swing.
A toddle is seated in a swing in a large park.
A woman in a red hat waiting in line.
The woman is waiting to order a sandwich.
A young girl wearing a pink shirt and jeans is running through a flowered field.
A girl is running across the field to see her dog.
A man in all black clothes does a breakdancing move.
The man is dancing on the street.
A man in all black clothes does a breakdancing move.
The man in black dances to 80's pop music.
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store.
A man and woman are outside of a store.
Two women, one walking her dog the other pushing a stroller.
The women are walking on the sidewalk.
A little girl is sitting on the counter dangling one foot in the sink whilst holding a dish jet washer.
A blond human sitting
A little girl plays with a faucet.
A girl plays with her doll in the faucet.
The little girl in the sand is handing a ball to one of the two black dogs.
a girl is handing a ball to her pet dog
A man and a woman hug on a street.
A couple says a tearful goodbye.
A little boy with an orange shirt is playing outside with bubbles.
A young child is blowing soapy water to form circles filled with air.
A little boy with an orange shirt is playing outside with bubbles.
The little boy was wearing orange shorts, too.
a lone surfboarder on a white surfboard flying through the air over a wave
A lone surfboarder is practicing for an upcoming competition.
Several men on stage having a discussion.
They are talking about setting up things for the next show.
Four people are in the process of creating colorful lanterns in their lantern shop.
The people are painting the lanterns red.
A woman with big green glasses writing at a desk outside while looking confused.
A women is is confused about her writing.
A woman with big green glasses writing at a desk outside while looking confused.
A women is confused about something she sees outside.
A man is flexing his biceps while standing on a rooftop with multiple chimneys in the background.
He is hoping to impress his friends.
A basketball player making a slam dunk during a game.
a basketball player slam dunking the ball to win the game
Military men dressed in camouflage and white aim there weapons while out in the snowy weather.
army rangers practice shooting
A person is walking down a cobblestone street.
The person walking has shoes on.
A woman dressed in a black shirt with purple bikini bottoms is playing volleyball in a fenced in area.
a woman with bikini bottoms is playing volleyball with friends
A woman prepares to strike a volleyball.
The woman is at the beach.
A young woman and some friends at a party.
Some friends drinking and listening to music at a party.
A young woman and some friends at a party.
Friends are enjoying their time together.
A blond girl with a graphic t-shirt wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn.
The blond girl is wheeling a wheelbarrow across a lawn to put lawn trimmings in.
Two women both dressed in white tops and dark-colored shorts are standing in front of some motorcycles on a city street
Two sisters pose in front of their new motorcycles on a busy street.
A group of people in costumes are holding their arms in the air in the manner of the finale of a musical number.
Actors are performing in a musical.
A young man shielding himself from a stream of water from a fire engine by using an umbrella.
A broken fire engine shoots water at a young man with an umbrella.
An African American man getting his haircut by another man.
A Spanish man is cutting another mans hair.
Three people walking down a hallway at the train station.
Three friends are about to board a train after work.
People walk in a subway hallway.
The subway is a busy place.
People walk in a subway hallway.
50 people walked to the wrong subway hall.
Members of the military gather around some vehicles at night.
the military surrounds their own vehicles.
A woman in a bathroom, sitting on the sink, is doing her makeup.
A woman puts on clown makeup.
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them.
A man observes the broken furniture nearby
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them.
A man is sad he broke the couch
Two elder women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house.
Two sad elder women have a conversation outdoors in front of a house.
A charity walk happening with balloons.
All of the balloons are blue.
Two ice fishers watch on as a third attempts to cut out a portion of ice with a chainsaw.
Ice fisherman grind their first hole of the day.
A person with a yellow hat holding a fishing pole in the grass by water
A person in the grass is wearing a yellow hat and holding a fishing pole to catch catfish.
A worker in a striped orange, gray, and white t-shirt hovers over a stand that is displaying different kinds of flat bread.
A new baker works on their bread.
Young barefoot girl begins to lose balance.
The girl is falling onto the concrete.
Many people are smiling as they gather in a room.
People are waiting for a surprise party.
People are gathered together watching something.
A group of friends watch television.
A group of people are standing inside an office
People are in a room listening to a lecture.
Five men are standing in front of a red curtain.
the men are gangsters
A man and woman are sitting at a restaurant table holding hands.
a man and a woman are celebrating a birthday
An outdoor rodeo, with a cowboy in a red shirt riding a bucking horse while others watch from the sidelines.
A cowboy is trying to keep his horse calm for the competition
A group of people are sitting under umbrellas on the beach.
It is a saturday
a skateboarder ollies.
Someone is skateboarding outside.
A man with the name tag "Chris" who is wearing a blue shirt with blue-white striped tie, presses his hand at his forehead.
The man is fat
Seven people ride motorbikes through a sand course.
Seven people are racing on their motorbikes.
Seven people are riding bikes on a sandy track.
The people are racing.
Persons standing underneath an arch way.
Persons are standing outdoors under a bridge archway.
I think this lady is waiting for a cab.
The lady is late for a meeting.
Lady standing outside a building talking on her cellphone.
the lady is outside a mcdonalds
A man wearing a suit with a name tag stands reading in front of a microphone as a screen behind him displays a presentation.
a man gives a presentation to a big crowd
A group of men are on scaffolds painting a wall.
The men are painting the wall black.
a shepherd breed dog running on the beach
A dog is running to pick up a stick
A couple are having lunch together.
People are sharing a sandwich.
A man in a green apron smiles behind a food stand.
A man sells food.
A man in a black suit and tie is walking in front of a fancy building with the word grace written on it
A man walks in front of his new building, with the word grace on it
Jet flying low over a field with a woman in the field.
A woman watches a jet fly over her.
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store.
A man is holding his daughter while looking at toys in a store.
Three people getting out a van.
A group of three men leave their shady van.
One man wearing a blue shirt, white shorts, and sandals, and another man wearing cargo pants and a gray jacket shop at a farmer's market.
Two men but some local fruit
Three people loading or unloading their car.
Three people loading items for work.
A man and a woman in a crowd of people on a street at night.
A man and a woman join the crowd to watch something
Man in a blue shirt practicing karate.
There is a man outside.
Two doctors are working on a surgical procedure.
Two doctors are friends
A man in sunglasses and shorts carrying a stick is walking.
A man is pretending to be blind so he con people.
A man in sunglasses and shorts carrying a stick is walking.
A man with a visual impairment is walking.
A super car is spinning tires on a raceway track creating smoke near a crowd.
A super car is racing on a track.
A super car is spinning tires on a raceway track creating smoke near a crowd.
A super car has raced many times before.
Two older men speak into microphones on a stage, while a projector screen displays a vintage photo of a young man behind them.
Two men in black suits are addressing a crowd of people seated in front of them.
A man standing on a boat in a yellow jumpsuit helping another man in a yellow jumpsuit climb up a ladder on a bigger ship.
Two men on a boat enjoying their vacation.
A drummer plays the drums, while wearing a black dress shirt, and black and gray striped tie.
A band plays loud rock music with a heavy drum solo.
Man plays electronic drum set in band.
The man is only drummer in the band.
Hiker in blue shirt and red shorts stands on hill near mountain.
The hiker is in the mountains.
A man in a brightly colored vest performs on stage.
The singer is at the concert.
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
A trainer has his dog show off his new tricks for the rest of the class.
Two dogs running in the dirt
Two dogs love each other.
A group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them.
A group of friends are attending a concert.
A young woman with a ponytail and her back to the camera is taking a picture of what seems to be some sort of procession.
A girl is taking pictures of a parade.
Workers are arranging a window and some lumber along the ground.
The workers are day laborers.
A man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan.
The man with the unkempt hair is scaring the lady near him.
A race car driver leaps from a burning car.
A race car driver performing a movie stunt.
A police officer is standing with his arms crossed.
A police officer is annoyed by the meddling children.
A train is being worked on buy three men.
The men are wearing boots.
A woman wearing a gray top and a purple headband plays toy trains with a little boy in a white shirt.
They are having a great time.
A mother and her two children sit down to rest.
A mother and her daughters are resting.
A bridge with green supports leads to a sidewalk lining a row of houses with slanted roofs, a person is visible in the background walking towards the photographer past a bicycle.
The person is walking to the store.
A woman in a blue shirt talking to a baby.
A young woman talks to her baby at the park.
A person is reaching up to touch the middle light fixture hanging from a ceiling.
She is changing the lightbulb
A mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters.
A mom is taking a family photo with her son and two daughters
A line of nine cheerleaders wearing short white skirts and tops with a yellow stripe and blue and white pompoms stand on the center line of a basketball court with spectators in the background.
The women are school cheerleaders.
Five children of Indian origin are smiling and posing on a slide.
Children are taking a class picture on the slide.
Two horses, one black and one brown, are pulling a man outside.
A man plows his field using horses.
A young boy looking at a picture book.
A boy sitting in the grass looking at a book.
A man in a green shirt and black hat is smoothing concrete.
A person is resurfacing the sidewalk of a well known street.
A man in a green shirt and black hat is smoothing concrete.
He is a construction worker for the city.
An older man wearing a winter coat and jeans stands in front of a large, wheeled flower cart.
The older man is cold.
Four people, One male in a blue shirt and slacks with three females, one in pink, one in blue, and the other with a white shirt and blue blouse, in line to enter a yellow school bus, while a female in pink hold paper is on the phone.
The people waiting in line are in middle school.
A man reclining with his feet up on the desk.
A man is relaxing with his feet up and his eyes closed.
The little girl in yellow is touching the dad who has shaving cream on his face.
A girl tugs on her fathers hand as she watches him shave his moustache
A white-haired conductor is standing in front of an orchestra which is also standing, instruments in hand.
The conductor and orchestra are not sitting because the crowd is cheering.
Tourists enjoying mother nature.
Naturalist taking a vacation.
Man in white t-shirt, black shorts, walking along side female with a white tank top, beige shorts, and an older woman with black hair, white shirt, black shorts.
Man walks with his wife and her mom.
Two women talking over a glass of wine.
A couple woman are chatting during a wine tasting tour.
A woman in a brown shirt and a man in a hat cross the street.
A man and woman are late for their dinner reservation.
Two people standing in front of a waterfall scenery.
Two people are on a date.
Two young girls have fun on a trampoline, one of which appears to be falling down onto her back while the other poses with a smile behind her.
Two young girls have fun on a trampoline, one of which appears to be falling down onto her back while the other poses with a smile behind her and waving.
Three woman prepare a meal in a kitchen with salmon colored walls and bamboo cabinetry.
The mothers are making lunch.
Musicians are performing on stage.
Musicians are performing on a stage at a wedding.
A woman in a blue star printed dress stands next to a grill with food on it.
The woman is learning how to barbecue.
A taxi is trying to drive on a street amidst a crowd of people.
The taxi is going to pick up a customer.
A little girl, wearing a yellow, zip-front outfit is holding a flower and a basket and pointing upwards.
A girl is holding a rose.
Woman with a basket of candy in her hand.
The candy is for Easter.
A group of people are standing on a platform and waiting for the subway train.
People gathering in a group
There is a blue bowl and a fruit platter on the table which is covered with a white tablecloth.
An artist is setting up things to paint.
Older man with white hair and a red cap painting the golden gate bridge on the shore with the golden gate bridge in the distance.
A tall person with a cap
A few people walking in the distance of a small town.
The people are leaving the town
A man, dressed in a green shirt with black pants, is transporting luggage strapped to a wheelbarrow, down a cobblestone road.
The man is traveling.
A woman in a dress talking on the phone while holding a dog leash.
A woman is talking to a friend on the phone.
People are pulling a big green tractor.
The tractor got stuck and the people are pulling it out of the mud.
A man carries his belongings on a wheeled carrier in front of a back drop of graffiti.
The graffiti is very colorful.
A man carries his belongings on a wheeled carrier in front of a back drop of graffiti.
The man is homeless.
Four girls in shorts walk down the street.
They are going to grandmothers for some cookies
A group of people walking arm and arm across the green grass.
The people are all friends.
Two men, one rowing and one sitting, in a canoe surrounded by a body of water.
The people are going back to the dock.
A track sprinter takes off after he hears the starting horn.
The man will win the race.
A van with writing on it driving in front of a store.
A company vehicle about to deliver goods.
Two men are shopping for orange juice.
two men are getting breakfast
A little boy smiles while playing in the dirt.
A funny person smiling
Two men, two children, and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses.
The people are in a shopping center.
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch.
There is a person imitating a skateboard trick from Tony Hawk.
Several young African Americans giving an outdoor dance performance
A group does tribal dancing at a festival.
Man and a woman walking on the street
The man and woman are holding hands.
A young female dancer, wearing a pink top and pants, with her hair pulled behind her in a long ponytail, executes a step with one raised leg bent at the knee, and both arms extended and bent at the wrist, while two young people sit on folding chairs and watch.
A dancer wears a silky top.
Three women are sitting on a wharf and kicking their feet in the water.
The sisters eat ice cream as they dip their feet in the ocean.
A young man is holding a small boy who is wearing a backpack in front of a derelict building in a poor country.
A man is touring a city with his son
A female dancer does a center leap across a stage.
The woman is a ballet dancer.
A man standing in front of a class of Asian students holding a picture of Santa Claus.
A tall human standing
A brown dog leaps into water from a rock.
A dog leaps into a lake from a huge rock.
Long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone.
A man is carrying a drum while talking on the phone about his upcoming performance.
Street vendors sell various wards, including pineapples and soccer balls.
Street vendors are at an open air market.
A group of 9 men and women walking upstairs.
The group is working together.
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike.
A woman in a jacket riding a bike to work.
An asian man wearing a blue shirt is kicking up water.
The asian man is moving through a puddle.
A woman dressed in black looking perplexed and a woman in a red jacket offering to help her.
A woman is scowling.
A woman dressed in black looking perplexed and a woman in a red jacket offering to help her.
A woman is looking perplexed at a confusing picture.
Man in overalls with two horses.
a man in overalls with two white horses
These children are romping around on the leaf covered ground.
Children run around in the fall.
A person in a gray shirt doles a substance into cups on a green tray while a woman in a seafoam green sweater on their left squirts a liquid into a bucket.
workers serve a meal
Two men in a black in red vehicle on the beach.
The vehicle is large.
two women walking in an area of destitution.
Two FEMA workers walk down the street of the once beautiful suburban neighborhood, surveying the damage from the storm.
A woman in a red and white jacket riding a bicycle.
a woman on a busy street
A man in a black and blue jacket and a white helmet skiing down a hill swiftly.
A man goes down the ski hill swiftly because he is an expert.
A group packs food into boxes in a cold field.
The group is packing canned food.
A standing crowd of people watches a musical performance on a lighted stage.
Some people are enjoying themselves at a musical.
A young girl with long hair, glasses and a lip ring playing on her iPhone in a brightly lit room.
the girl is white
The motorcyclist race on the course.
The man on the motorcycle road across the course.
Two men on a basketball court one in white and red the other in blue, the player in white is throwing the ball in while teammates look on.
The men are playing in a basketball tournament.
A woman sitting down working with what looks like a kite.
A woman is fixing a kite.
Several Asian women dressed in black outfits and crowns are holding plates with food on them.
The women carry sushi on plates
Three girls in street clothes and sneakers perform act out a synchronized performance or dance while on a stage.
There is a crowd cheering them on while they perform the act.
A snowboarder in green pants boards down a snowy mountain.
A female snowboarder wears green pants.
Two guys are wearing uniforms who are running in the grass.
Two guys  in uniforms are playing a sport on the grass
A man with a bald head and wearing eyeglasses is carving a turkey.
A man is carving a large turkey.
A man sits in a dingy stall which says "Sol Septu" on the sidewalk while a man poses before the stand but does not look at it.
A man works in a stall while another man stands in front of the stall keeping watch for troublemakers.
A man with wine near a Christmas tree.
It is the holiday season.
Groups of people walking different directions, mostly dressed in dark blues and dressed to stay warm.
A group of people plan on meeting up later.
Two men, one with a camera and another with hair clippers are helping another man in kitchen.
a man is about to cut hair
A baby in an indoor pool is using an inflatable tube on it's on
The baby is swimming
A person with a dark yellow baseball cap and a gray sweatshirt is in the air over an outdoor fountain in front of a cityscape.
The person in the air is asian.
It's Summer time and two girls play with bubbles near a boat dock.
It is warm outside.
It's Summer time and two girls play with bubbles near a boat dock.
The water is cool.
A young man wearing a blue shirt with white words, black jeans, and inline skates is sitting on a concrete seat looking forward while a group are people are in the background.
A young man waits for his friends at a skate park.
Two men are carrying nets near a pier.
men fishing at the pier
Two men are carrying nets near a pier.
men walking by the river
Group of guys sitting in a circle.
There are no females around them.
a man with a black hat and jacket is loading two horses with cargo.
The man is on a rush.
A group of people gather on a outdoor patio.
Strangers meet together outside.
Several people sitting on foldable chairs near a geological formation.
Some people are interested in the geological formation.
Group of men sitting at a table turn to have their picture taken.
The group of men are giggling.
There are people walking down a busy nighttime street with signs lighting the way.
People are walking down a street holding homemade signs.
An older man dressed in blue is sitting on the sidewalk surrounded by tools to polish shoes.
He waited to shine shoes outside.
An older man dressed in blue is sitting on the sidewalk surrounded by tools to polish shoes.
There were tools to shine something.
A black dog running through the forest.
A dog playing fetch outside.
A black dog is running through a wooded area.
A black dog with a red collar.
Two women on the dance floor with other people dancing.
Two women are dancing with a bunch of guys.
Two girls are playing tug-of-war and losing as the girl in front is drug into a muddy puddle of water.
The rope is white.
A group of three people climb a path of wooden stairs up a rocky hill.
The people are hiking.
A baseball player sliding toward second base.
A tall baseball player sliding toward second base.
A girl holds onto a rope above the water.
A girl is trying to escape from a crocodile.
One military man executes a combat move on another outside a gated facility.
Two military men in matching uniforms perform drills using combat moves.
Two women in colorful swimming suits are leaping above a pool while two other women in the pool watch.
The women are sisters.
A man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders.
The man is wearing sunglasses.
A rodeo clown finds it's way in the action.
The clown is performing for a large crowd.
a woman siting in a black polka dot bathing suit top, and blue high waist underwear bottoms sitting in the sidewalk with three bags and a green bottle.
A woman looks odd sitting on the sidewalk with several bags and a bottle while wearing a bathing suit.
woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone
A scantily clad stripper is on her phone waiting for her turn to dance.
A woman with brown hair, black jacket, large black sunglasses, and pink scarf walking down the street.
the woman is white
A chef prepares roasted corn.
A chef prepares roasted corn in front of an audience.
A street performer reads an angry passage from his book to two attentive recipients.
The street performer is standing on the sidewalk.
A group of men dancing outside.
The men practice the salsa to show off for their wives.
Three people each lead one camel with riders in a silhouetted line across sand dunes and a gray sky.
A group of people are being given a tour across a desert.
A young boy swinging on a swing.
A boy swings on a tire swing.
A party is held and many people mingle and gather for the occasion.
Many friends are socializing at a birthday party.
A person throwing a yellow ball in the air.
The ball is heavy
Two girls and one women stand in the pouring rain.
The people are standing in the rain waiting for a bus.
A man wearing black pants and jacket is on a blue scooter next to a crowd of people and a green tent.
The crowd is cheering for the man.
A man using a razor in front of a beach.
a barber trims a customer near the sea.
A little girl wearing a tan sundress with a bow in the back holds a bouquet of flowers on the sidewalk.
A girl holds flowers for her mother on the sidewalk
This is a man in a photo booth.
A man in a photo booth at a carnival.
A girl is playing the keyboard with her band.
A teenage girl is at a band concert.
A woman with a blue shirt is reading to her son.
a woman is telling her a son a scary story
Two men are addressing a group of onlookers behind a row of houses.
The men are giving an important speech.
Two men are addressing a group of onlookers behind a row of houses.
The men are selling something to onlookers.
Young people sit in plastic chairs arranged around a set of stairs in a covered concrete area, wearing swim clothes, resting, and waiting.
People are wearing swim clothes, waiting for the sun to come out.
A police officer, wearing his helmet, standing next to his motorcycle, standing next to a taller, bald, black male, wearing brown pants, his leather jacket across his shoulder.
a police officer offers a man in leather to go for a motorcycle ride
Police officer and his motorcycle in a crowd of people at a protest.
A police officer is arresting someone in front of a crowd.
A policeman is leaning on his motorcycle while people are watching.
A policeman is on his break
A man is taking a scenic photo of mountains while framing the foreground with low-growth, colorful brush.
There is a person on vacation.
A man in a t-shirt is stirring something in a pot which is on a counter near a microwave oven.
A man is standing
Middle-aged man in casual clothes looking off-camera.
The man's face is in profile.
A child slides into a wading pool full of water while an adult tosses a bucket of water on them.
A father and son are playing at a waterpark.
Colorfully dressed man dancing in the streets, while balancing something on his head.
There is a man practicing a routine for his street performance.
A shopper buys cat food at a Walmart
A homeless person buys cat food for dinner at Walmart.
There is a baseball player in a yellow shirt running midfield.
The baseball player is playing offense.
An army officer is reading a children's book from a podium.
A tall human reading
A team of men performing a life saving procedure.
The team of men are performing surgery.
A team of men performing a life saving procedure.
The team of men were attacked by a shark.
A small dog wearing a denim miniskirt.
A dog is in a dog show competion.
A man in a leather jacket with the collar popped kisses the neck of a woman in a gray coat wearing a white scarf.
a couple are reunited
People walking through dirt.
They are in the desert.
A woman wearing a vertical striped top, sitting on a bench beside a telephone booth in a train station.
A woman waits for a train.
Two boys wearing colorful winter hats and dark coats are riding bikes and smiling at each other.
They are riding their bikes for fun.
A man doing a trick in the air on his bike.
The man is good a doing tricks.
Scientists sit in a laboratory in sterile clothing while looking at microscopes.
Scientists are investigating animal slides in a microscope
The group is working with microscopes and wearing clean white scrubs, hairnets and face masks.
The group is conducting an experiment on algae and are taking a closer look through their microscope.
Beautiful young dancer performing dressed in white and silver performs an acrobatic, ballet, hula-hoop, dance routine while 4 female observers look on.
The young dancers are performing in front of people.
Beautiful young dancer performing dressed in white and silver performs an acrobatic, ballet, hula-hoop, dance routine while 4 female observers look on.
The young dancers performing are indian.
Nine women in blue and purple dresses and one man wearing a purple shirt and black pants, clap while a man dressed in black dances.
There is a group watching a street performance.
brown dogs are running down a trail
Brown dogs are running on a trail in the woods.
A group of people clap and take pictures of an unseen subject.
A group is clapping for a presidential nominee.
toddlers playing with toys.
The toddler is wearing a diaper.
toddlers playing with toys.
There is at least two children.
A little kid is jumping off a brick balcony.
A little boy is jumping around and falls off a balcony.
A young women carrying some wooden cases, walking down the street and passing a street performer.
A tall person carrying cases
A woman wearing a martial arts uniform holds her sneakered foot with both hands over her head.
A short person in a uniform
A group of kids are playing on a tire swing.
Some kids are playing on a swing at a park.
Two German sheperds snarling at each other.
Two animals are being held back by leashes.
Two German sheperds snarling at each other.
Two puppies are play fighting.
Three men playing cricket wearing all white, with one man wearing a blue helmet.
Two teams battle it out in cricket.
A man is throwing water on a woman in front of a brick building while two men and another woman watch.
The woman screams as the water hits her.
A guitarist performs on stage.
The stage is high.
A child wearing a red shirt playing.
A child wearing a red shirt playing outside.
A child wearing a red shirt playing.
A child wearing a red shirt playing a game inside.
Three indoor track cyclist are being held balanced in place at the starting line by three attendants.
These three cyclists are bitter rivals.
Two women both in sandals, one in a green hat is tying the other woman's dress strap.
Two people are enjoying eachothers presence.
two puppies playing around in the grass
two puppies chasing a frisbee.
What appears to be a taller bald white man sitting next to a shorter black man in a reception area.
The short black man is friends with the bald white man.
Two girls lay upside down on their bed.
Two girls lay upside down on their bed to be closer to the fan
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area.
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans crosses a rope bridge in a wooded area to get to her husband.
Making something tasty hope you like lemons!
A woman is making a lemon meringue pie.
A young man rolling up the sleeves on his sweater.
The boy is about to hold something.
A skateboarder goes down a railing.
A skateboarder finally succeeds in going down a railing after many tries.
A running back running with the football.
The running back is black.
A group of people are taking a fun train ride.
People ride the train into the city.
Adults with their kids are riding on a small red train.
A family is riding the small train at an amusement park.
A man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps.
A man is doing tricks downtown.
Two young boys are in a green kayak in the grass.
The boys are testing the kayak.
A man prepares to enter the red building.
The man prepared to enter the building for his interview.
A little girl plays in the ocean on the beach.
The girl is building a sand castle.
A little girl plays in the ocean on the beach.
The girl is afraid of the sand.
Two young boys have a conversation with one and other.
Two boys are talking outside.
Two young boys have a conversation with one and other.
Two boys are laughing.
A goalie in a yellow field is protecting the goal.
A goalie is protecting the goal but tired.
Two girls slide down the air-filled slide.
Some girls are at a party.
A boy riding on a carnival ride turns around for a photograph.
A tall human riding
Protesters in costumes carry signs through a paved city street.
The protestors wore costumes to relay a serious message.
Teens doing there best at a jump photo.
Girls are in mid-air.
A man in a blue shirt and red hat is looking at a torch.
A man is about to enter a cave.
Small red airplane flies over mountaintop dropping red substance over fire.
the plane is a firefighter.
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure.
A group of students are taking a tour of a bamboo structure.
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure.
A class taking a trip outside to visit a bamboo inspired structure.
A man in a gray shirt sorts through Hawaiian style shirts in a department store.
The man is looking for clothing for his trip to Hawaii.
A little girl looking at a large boulder
A girl is near the ledge of a cliff.
An overweight man riding a bicycle to work
The man is riding a homemade bicycle.
Girl in purple jacket leaning against a wall.
A lady is waiting in line at a concert.
A boy in s striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain.
A boy jumps in a crowded area by a fountain.
A dog holding a Frisbee walking in the water.
The frisbee is orange.
A cricket batsman plays at the ball while the wicketkeeper behind him gestures as if making a catch.
A man plays at a cricket ball while little boy wicketkeeper is behind him.
A woman is eating at a table as people walk by.
A woman is eating her meal at a resturant.
A woman is eating at a table as people walk by.
A woman is eating lunch while on her break at work.
A man wearing a blue sweatshirt and a white hard hat is working on a construction project.
The man is probably cold.
girl with helmet riding a brown horse
The girl is wearing tall boots.
Elegantly dressed in black, a man and woman embrace in dance.
A husband and wife are dancing.
A bridal party is posing for a picture outdoors.
The party is taking pictures before a wedding.
A parade of people is marching in Santa costumes on a city street.
A group is walking in a christmas parade
in a girls basketball game she is shooting a foul shot
The girl got pushed hard by the other player.
The white dog with brown spots is walking through shallow water.
The dog is wading through water to get to his toy.
A man in a small kayak is floating down the river.
A man got lost on his boating trip.
Here is a little girl drinking her soda at what looks like an aquarium while the dolphin swims in the background.
The girl is on a school field trip
A woman wearing a large bandanna around her neck is sitting at a table putting poker chips into a plastic bag.
a woman sitting at a table is done playing poker, so she is putting the poker chips away.
on a snowy day a man with a north face jacket walks through the crowded streets past a garbage truck
The man is wearing a ski jacket outside to walk to work.
A family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son, whom is wearing a blue jacket.
A family holds hands in the snow in Alaska.
A lumberjack cuts down a pine tree in a snowy area.
A lumberjack wields a chainsaw to chop down a pine tree.
A gymnast in a blue and pink leotard is standing on her right foot with her left foot in the air and waving a ribbon.
An olympic gymnast is waving a ribbon.
A gymnast in a blue and pink leotard is standing on her right foot with her left foot in the air and waving a ribbon.
A gymnast is strecthing before the match.
An extremely wet woman is wading in front of a waterfall.
A dripping wet woman walks in front of a waterfall after swimming.
An older gentleman in a blue sports jacket and glasses is talking to a woman in an off-white jacket.
The older man is famous.
Two cars are parked by a body of water by some cranes.
Two cars belonging to crane operators parked near their crane.
People working together to build a shed.
people are building a bike shed
A male gymnast from Romania, wearing all red, holding himself vertically while upside-down on rings suspended in the air.
The gymnast is a professional.
A black dog and a goose swim in the water.
The goose has something in its mouth.
A man standing a busy European town square with a tall placard sign printed with biblical phrases.
A local religious curate tries to convince passers by to come to his church.
A crowd of people, almost all in helmets, some in masks, face the camera while someone in a red cap looks backward.
The convention of bicyclists are ready for the marathon
A horse and rider on a steeplechase course.
A horse is about to win a steeplechase race.
Two men trying to hoist themselves up from the water on to a walkway made of tires.
two men are helping each other
Two men climb onto tires while sitting in the muddy water.
two men are looking for a lost ring
Two men are trying to kick each other.
Two men are having a brawl.
Two men are trying to kick each other.
Two men are fighting.
A woman shielding her face from the sun with a colorful umbrella.
The woman is concerned about sun damage.
Two young women are standing in the middle of a flower garden with their arms wide open.
The two women are admiring the flowers.
A band which includes an Upright Bass Player is playing in a tent in front of Canadian flags.
The band is playing bluegrass.
A band is performing on stage for people.
A rockband playing music at a performance
A couple sit on a park bench with purple balloons tied to it.
People at a birthday party.
A man in a large crowd converses with his friends.
A man is giving a speech to his peers.
A group of construction workers are walking.
the workers are walking home
Construction workers walk towards their next job.
The workers are looking forward to the last job of the day.
Two guys are on a baseball field and one is about to hit the base.a group
The guys are in the MLB.
Pretty young lady brushing her teeth.
The lady is in the bathroom.
Pretty young lady brushing her teeth.
The lady is getting ready for a date.
A woman is at an art studio, painting a mural from her art supplies.
The woman is painting a self portrait.
Two females and one male looking at various merchandise.
A family is window shopping together.
A man high on a tightrope walks and balances.
A man is working at the circus.
Two teen girls relax on a black futon.
Two young girls are sitting inside.
Two teen girls relax on a black futon.
Two young girls are waiting for their mom to get ready.
A group of people wearing blue shirts, standing in the grass.
People standing in the grass talking about their problems.
Tourists on a bridge pose for a photograph.
Tourists at London Bridge pose for a photograph.
A couple being romantic under the sunset.
A man and a woman touching each other  looking at the sunset.
A man in a blue suit reached towards a seated women in an office.
The man is giving the woman her paycheck.
A group of people dressed in Santa Claus suits are looking towards an audience while a DJ runs a sound board and another person throws green balls into the air.
A band plays at a beach party.
A farmer gives a tour of his farm to local families
a farmer selling his farm
Two children are sitting in the same wooden lawn chair while a green rake is leaning against the same chair.
The children are getting ready for anap.
a man and woman hug.
Someone is wearing a blue shirt.
On a sunny day, in a lush, green field, one small girl inspects a rock while her friend goes off in another direction.
A girl watches something
People in a warehouse, with one man kicking a bag.
A group of people playing a game by kicking a bag around.
A dog begins to climb a brick staircase near plants.
The plants are dead.
A determined crosscountry runner.
A man tests himself against the enviroment
A determined crosscountry runner.
A runner transcends his psychial  boundaries
a bride and a groom at their wedding kissing
A new couple kiss every time someone rings a bell at the reception.
Two workers wearing orange vests are working on treads.
Two men are co-workers.
Two workers wearing orange vests are working on treads.
Two men are working in a garage.
A brown dog in running on grass.
A dog is playing at the park
A man kneeling and a woman standing next to him.
The man is tying the woman's shoe.
A local policeman standing in front of the counter with complete equipments belted to his waist.
A local policeman standing stiff in front of the counter
Woman is playing with a young girl, by holding her upside down.
Woman is holding a toddler upside down by the ankles.
A little girl with blond pigtails is being held upside down by a blond woman with a ponytail.
A blond woman is helping a little girl perform a handstand.
A boy plays in the surf.
The boy is wearing red trunks.
Five people are in a swimming pool 3 ft. deep while there is a child on the side with blue shorts on and read floaties getting ready to jump in.
A child is learning to swim.
A little boy learning to swim in a pool with his arm floaties.
The little boy is learning to swim at a group lesson teaching children in the community pool.
A busy street scene on a rainy day full of umbrella toting walkers.
A bunch of people wearing glasses.
a woman walks with her big purse.
Crowded street with a woman moving around
a woman walks with her big purse.
A beautiful female passing by crowd
a crowd gather together, all looking in the same direction.
A large crowd is curious about something.
a crowd gather together, all looking in the same direction.
A large crowd are preparing to watch the parade.
Two dogs run together across a grassy lawn.
The dogs are related.
Children standing and climbing near a fountain.
Children standing and climbing near a fountain after school.
A man in a lab coat looking into a microscope with containers in the background.
A man with a lab coat works in a lab.
A man who has a gray beard and gray hair laughs while wearing a purple shirt.
A man is laughing at a woman who has fallen over.
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence.
A girl rides a bike to the park.
Man sitting down in a asian custom and styled room.
A man waiting for his bride at a table in the room.
Male nun smoking a cigarette.
Male nun is addicted to nicotine.
A man is standing next to a bin overflowing with garbage.
The trash hasn't been collecting for several days.
School kids all in blue backpacks.
Female school students in uniforms all in blue backpacks.
Dozens of street performers in fuchsia, red, yellow and black outfits are dancing and singing along a city street.
The people were singing and dancing in a parade.
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk beside the beach.
The people plan to go tanning on the beach.
A standing man in a suit finishes his turn in a chess game as his seated opponent begins his in a crowded park.
A business man plans on playing another guy for money on a game of chess.
A man in a black shirt holding cloth next to a wooded structure as people walk around it.
A man is holding something near some trees as people pass by.
A man in a black shirt holding cloth next to a wooded structure as people walk around it.
A man sells handkerchiefs near a grove of trees while people pass by.
The dog is walking in the snow.
The dog is cold
Two men walking their canoe through the woods.
a couple of men walk their canoe to the cabin
The man with the bag is standing on the corner.
The man with the bag is standing on the corner waiting for his wife
An elderly gentleman ransacking a waste container.
A homeless man seeks his dinner.
A man and woman sit at a cluttered table.
The people are a couple.
a group of people walking down road heading away from the camera.
A group of guys walk down the road towards a bar, backs facing the camera.
The couple are wearing glasses intended for 3D movies.
A couple is going to watch a 3D movie.
A blond woman wearing a blue and pink floral tie-front bikini on a beach, readying to put a flagpole in the sand.
A tall person in a bikini
Uniformed schoolgirls are walking together on the street.
The girls are walking home from school.
A woman is sitting at a desk near to a window that has a huge picture of a hand painted on it.
A tall person sitting
A person climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch.
A young lady climbs a cliff face in the woods while others watch
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks.
There are some guys setting of fireworks.
A group of people gathered to watch fireworks.
The group gathered inside the house.
Four female athletes play beach volleyball at the London 2012 Olympics.
They are going to win it this year!
A black dog is chasing a ball on a green grass.
A black dog is playing fetch with some kids.
A singer is performing before a small crowd outside.
A local favorite sings for the first outdoor wedding of the season.
A guy on inline skates with a white hat is on a yellow rail.
The guy on inline skates is trying to impress his girlfriend.
A man in a hat is working with golden colored flowers.
Someone is getting flowers for a gift.
A child in a red jacket, waist deep in a pit on the beach.
A girl is digging a hole to lay in on the beach.
A view down the train tracks in a large city.
A view from a bridge.
A male bartender dressed in all black with his sleeves rolled up to elbow height making a drink in a martini glass.
A tall person in black
Two dogs sit in front of a man dressed in native American attire.
The dogs sit by their owner who is a Native American.
An Asian young man is drinking out of a metal cup.
The young man is drinking coffee.
A smiling costumed woman is holding an umbrella.
A happy woman in a fairy costume holds an umbrella.
A group of females are sitting down on a bench.
The females are wearing dresses.
A man in a suit and tie and a woman with luggage join others in waiting in the London Underground.
A couple are travelling to see friends in London.
Three men; one pedaling while playing drums, one playing piano and one both pedaling and steering, move a type of mobile band down a street.
Three men are trying to attract a crowd and take them to a bar where they will be playing later
Two children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree.
Two sad children are with a dog on leash who is standing against a tree.
A man in a white shirt is standing in a T-shirt booth.
A man in a white shirt standing in his t-shirt booth selling shirts.
A woman in the street with a black shirt and stars with her mouth open.
The female has on black shoes.
A dune buggy traveling on sand.
The dune buggy jumps off of the sand dunes.
Bicyclists are in the street as a crowd watches them ride by a banner that say "London 2012".
The crowd is restless.
Two dogs play
The dogs are friends.
A group of people plays a game on the floor of a living room while a TV plays in the background.
A group of friends are playing a board game at their friend's birthday party.
A woman in glittery face-paint and a sequined cap parades with several similarly-dressed individuals in shades of orange and brown.
The woman has blond hair.
Female in a pink tutu and pink boxing gloves performing in a chained off area.
A woman doing her last performance.
The girls in the red shirts are doing flips in the air.
The girls are gymnasts.
There is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
A man is learning how to play tennis
An older woman carrying two pails on a sunny day.
The old woman is carrying pails of milk.
Chevrolet car on display at a convention
An expensive car on display at a convention for rich enthusiasts.
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players, a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on a stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band.
A four piece male band which includes two saxophone players, a trumpet player and a trombone player are playing on an outdoor stage while two other males are dancing in front of the band.
A man uses stereo equipment.
He is changing the equalization.
A man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment.
A man is developing pictures in a dark room.
A dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some paper
a dog looks content sitting on a bed after ripping up some important papers.
A girl is laughing while holding some rocks in her right hand.
There is a girl laughing at the man
Three girls are sitting at desks and appear to be working intently.
Three girls are sitting in a classroom.
Two hikers walk along a path adjacent to an old wall.
Two hikers enjoy a sunny day.
Several people are picketing oil.
Humans that are very large.
The little boy in jean shorts kicks the soccer ball.
A little boy is playing soccer outside.
A man in a black shirt sits beneath a'no child left behind' powerpoint presentation.
The presentation is taking place in a auditorium.
A male child with blond-hair, green eyes, and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row.
The little boy is eating a strawberry popsicle.
A male child with blond-hair, green eyes, and a sticky looking mouth wearing a multicolored t-shirt has his hand wrapped around a popsicle stick and is chewing and has it inserted into his mouth where you can see 4 bright white teeth on the bottom row.
A funny person in a shirt
A Asian women does her hair
Asian woman is coloring her hair
A Asian women does her hair
Asian women is in her home.
A crowd is watching 2 shirtless men, one in yellow pants and one in black shorts perfom.
A crowd watches two shirtless men stage a dramatic peformance of MacBeth.
A boy with a bottle plays with an older girl.
The boy is 15 years old.
A family, daughter in the middle, walks down the street.
the family is young
A skater goes through a course.
A skater is outside
Three Indian boys in shorts play with one another.
Three boys enjoying summer.
A football player in a blue "Rams" jersey runs with a football on a field, as another player in a white jersey falls in an attempt to tackle him.
The football players are having fun
A man holds wooden boards together as a young boy drives a nail into them.
A father and son work on a construction project together.
A white male with blond-hair is drinking beer.
A tall person drinking
Two women are posing with the Naked Cowboy in Times Square, New York City.
Two women are touring New York City.
Two men working on something in a shop.
Two men are working on the same thing.
Two men working on something in a shop.
Two friends are working.
Two girls are sitting outside on the ground in front of a lake.
two girls waiting for butterflies
a group of men are fighting in front of a bar in a European city, one of them hitting another with a stick.
Soccer hooligans fighting each other after a game in Europe.
several people standing below a clock tower with two clock faces.
several people are next to a building
Two girls are walking down the street looking at items in the store windows.
Two friends are walking together to there house
A girl all in black and white, and carrying an umbrella, walks down the street, as others watch.
The young girl is prepared for the storm.
A man in an urban area is sweeping the sidewalks, with a group of people in the background, crossing a street.
The man is paid to sweep.
A bald man in a white t-shirt is standing at a bar next to a white leashed dog.
the man is a mayor
A man and a woman standing on a sidewalk in between buildings.
A couple stands on the sidewalk between buildings.
Here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk.
A guy is washing bird poop off of the sidewalk.
An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair.
There is a 67 year old woman in a crowd.
A line of people waiting outside The Magpie cafe during the day.
A group of people wait for the infamous peanut butter pie.
A group of rollerskaters skate on a patch of cement with palm trees in the background.
A group of people are advertising a new type of rollerskate.
Two young women are crossing a street just after a yellow school bus has passed by.
Two women coming home after school.
A man, wearing a blue shirt, is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment.
A man, wearing a blue shirt is the audio engineer
A man, wearing a blue shirt, is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment.
A man, wearing a blue shirt, is listening to music
A little blond girl runs through orange cones.
A little girl runs through a construction area.
A woman sits on the beach while talking on her cellphone.
Justin bieber is on the phone with her
A woman sits on the beach while talking on her cellphone.
A woman is talking on her cellphone at the beach deciding on what she will be planning tonight
A man in a red uniform is playing backset ball with a man in a white uniform blocking his shot.
Two basketball players play basketball on an indoor court.
A man in a brown hooded sweatshirt outdoors with an upright bass, playing the strings with his fingers.
The sweatshirt is designer.
A inside view of an apartment showing 2 couches and a coffee table.
There is a man sitting on one of the couches doing a crossword puzzle.
A group of people are at a conference watching a slideshow.
A group of men are at a conference watching a slideshow.
A man in a black jacket and blue jeans is holding a white coffee cup.
A man is about to take a sip of coffee from his white coffee mug.
A man perched on a row of aquariums is using a net to scoop a fish from another aquarium.
A man works at a pet shop.
A silhouette at the bottom of an escalator.
The silhoutte is creeping out the children.
A football player tackles an member of the opposing team.
People playing for the championship.
Three boys are standing on the ledge outside of a building.
They are about to jump from the building.
A woman is riding a horse along a track.
A woman is in a horse race.
A flock of birds disturbed and in flight in front of a wall that has a mural of three women and a man.
The birds fly away in surprise
A flock of birds disturbed and in flight in front of a wall that has a mural of three women and a man.
The birds fly off to relocate
Two women wearing skirts and heels walking down a sidewalk.
Some women are walking to the store.
Semi-pro martial artist practices his most powerful moves.
The martial artist prepares for his sparring session.
Semi-pro martial artist practices his most powerful moves.
The martial artist has been trained.
A balding older man in a yard is striking a pose similar to what one would see in Tai Chi.
An older man exercising.
Several people standing in front of a pile of snow in front of a house, with one person shoveling.
A young girl is shoveling snow.
A man in a blue polo raises his wineglass to toast.
A man toasts his sons marriage.
A young man wearing goggles, is jumping out of a pool, splashing water everywhere.
An obese man jumping out of a pool.
A Seattle firefighter standing in front of his truck.
The man is waiting to head to a fire scene.
There are a bunch of soccer players standing around the soccer field in the middle of a game.
The soccer players are waiting for a review on the play.
A woman is holding a baby while standing in the middle of a room.
A nurse holds a newborn baby in the middle of the delivery room.
A blond woman talking on her cellphone as her hair blows
a woman talking on her cellphone to her husband
man smiling outside in blue shirt.
The man just got a compliment.
A young man wearing a gray shirt standing outside a wooden structure smiling and making a fist with his right hand.
A young man is standing outside a wooden structure because he wants to.
A man in a brown jacket, white shirt, and dark slacks is holding a book with his finger on the page while sitting on a wooden floor, and leaning against a yellow wall with a door on one side and cloths on hangers on the other side.
A man pauses from reading his book as he rests against the wall and ponder what he has just read.
A man carrying a hard hat is running down the street.
A man who is late is running down the street and carrying a hard hat.
Three people are playing a game, wearing white clothes, somewhere tropical.
A few people playing a game of golf in the tropics.
A man wearing headphones is standing in front of a poster.
There is a man reading a music festival poster.
A man playing a guitar while a woman in a checks the oven.
A man plays a song for his wife.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
the dog is trying to hide his bone
Little kids enjoy sprinklers by running through them outdoors.
Children try to cool down on the lawn.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
A skier performs a competitive technical jump during a competition.
A person in a green coat looks upwards while leaning against a fixture in front of a tree.
A person is looking up at a cloudy sky.
A youngster exploring the branches of a tree.
The young girl climbs in a tree.
One man watching another man operate heavy machinery doing road construction.
Two workers are outside doing construction work.
3 people walking through a small field.
Three people in a medow of flowers.
a pizza employee waiting for his next drive up customer
The employee is walking around the building.
A man being shown running in a black suit, running for Haiti.
A man running for a fundraiser.
a woman and her dog sitting at an outdoor cafe table
A blind woman and her guide dog have lunch at an outdoor cafe.
Two young people in jeans looking at each other.
the two people are getting ready to kiss
Two uniformed police officers are standing on a sidewalk while one child looks directly at the camera.
Two fake cops and a child undercover agent.
Two uniformed police officers are standing on a sidewalk while one child looks directly at the camera.
Two cops are protecting a child on the sidewalk.
A man in a canoe throwing a yellow net into the water.
The canoe is red
While some people look in the barn, others walk on the bridge and some are enjoying cooling off in the water by the beach.
The people are going in the barn to see the horse.
A person walking uphill from a construction zone.
The person is wearing a helmet.
A man is rock crawling up a rock wall
A man is going up a rock wall in the desert.
Two indian men are dancing in suits with an indian woman in a colorful dress behind them by a brick wall.
Some people are moving in circles.
Two indian men are dancing in suits with an indian woman in a colorful dress behind them by a brick wall.
The two indian men dancing in suits are friends.
A group of people sitting in a grassy area under a pink and white blossoming tree.
some people are having a picnic.
An old man wearing a hat is working on a project.
The old man is making a rocking chair.
A black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball.
The tennis ball was thrown really far.
A little boy sitting on the ground looking up at some men dressed up like an alien creature or machine.
The little boy is smiling.
A slender woman wearing jeans and a colorful purse is standing on a large yellow maneuver.
The woman is wearing a blue shirt
A skateboarder in the air straddling his upside-down skateboard.
A skateboarder in a competition is in the air straddling his upside down skateboard.
A little red-haired boy runs down a grassy hill followed behind by two girls.
A little boy about to trip.
A man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day.
A sad man is doing a handstand in a park on a sunny day.
A construction man appears to be staring at a device.
A laborer looks at his tools.
A construction man appears to be staring at a device.
The man is marveling at the technology.
Three people wearing black chatting on a street corner.
Three people are waiting at a street corner for the bus.
Two men selling fruit at a fruit market.
Two men are selling bananas.
There are two men standing beside a market of fruits and vegetables.
Two men are selling their produce.
A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl.
A girl wants to get another girl wet.
A girl in a pink shirt tries to dump a bucket of water on another girl.
The girls are playing a game.
A young child, wearing a pink-polkadotted outfit, smiles at the camera as she lays on a white, shaggy rug.
the child is a modle.
A young man is washing his hair, brushing his teeth, and shaving his face simultaneously.
The young man is very coordinated and flexible.
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper
A man is working so his child can play and relax comfortably.
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the saxophone with the rest of a band.
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the tenor saxophone with the rest of a band.
A woman wearing a black shirt is standing next to an old rusted vehicle.
The woman restores old cars, and is thinking of buying it.
A woman observes a rusted antique car.
A woman looks at an old car she might buy.
A group of kids listening to their band instructor, and reading music off their papers.
The kids are going to play a song.
A teacher wearing a red and black striped shirt is conducting a class of about 20 playing music.
A music teacher shows a class how to play a complicated song.
A man in a black hat and jacket is sitting down.
A man waiting for a date is wearing a black hat and jacket while he is sitting.
An accordion player with a cowboy hat plays his instrument as he looks off into the distance.
An accordion player performs for a small crowd.
A child rests on her mother lap exhausted from a day of sun and fun at the beach.
They child was on vacation.
Two blond people are sitting in a park having a conversation.
Two people are sitting in a city park.
Seven men wearing bright orange reflective vests are looking inside the door of a red train.
A group of men are looking at the damage inside the train.
A man dressed all in white throws the first pitch at a baseball game.
A Senator starts a baseball game.
A man is standing in the corner of a baseball field, dressed in a white dress suit, having a cameraman pointing a camera towards him.
A baseball player is playing outfield in game seven of the finals while a journalist takes photo.
A man stands by an animal rights sign at an outdoor event.
There is a protest for animal rights taking place
Children are playing a game outside.
Children are playing a game happily
An older South American woman is knitting colorful hand warmers and enjoying herself.
A tall human knitting
Two men, each wearing a white tee-shirt and headphones make adjustments to a machine while shaded by a dark umbrella-like contraption.
Technicians servicing machinery under hastily constructed shade.
A child and small dog running.
A child chases his dog back into the house.
A young child sits on some pillows with a green tray of chopped-up food in front of him.
A young man prepares to eat a meal.
A person wearing a suit is walking through an airport.
A man arrives at the airport, returning from a business trip.
Two people are biking past a house and field in the country.
Two people are having a bike race.
A tennis player, wearing a yellow shirt, jumps to hit the ball to the other player, who is wearing black.
The two are playing in a very competitive game.
One man in all black in a bowling ally who just bowled with an orange ball.
He just made a strike.
A person dressed in all black throwing a ball down a bowling alley.
A person is bowling in a tournament.
A tent advertising Surfer Magazine for the 25th annual Longboard Classic on the beach surrounded by palm trees.
The beach is windy.
A woman in a white dress walking down the street with a woman in a purple shirt crossing the street.
The women know eachother.
In a field of tall grass, a small girl feeds a larger boy a bite of some type of food.
A girl feeds her older brother.
A group of women in white robes walk through the grass.
Women are at a spa
A man in a business suit strolls beneath a covered walkway.
The man is walking home from work.
A Latin American weaving fabric.
It is a woman.
A large black dog and a small brown dog are playing in the house.
The dogs are having a play date and don't live together.
A woman playing baseball walks back to her base while her feamle teammate follows.
The woman's team just got their third out and it's time to switch sides.
A brunette woman is standing in front of a wall with graffiti.
A brunette woman drew the graffiti on the wall.
A man inspects the uniform of a figure in some East Asian country.
The man is doing military inspections
A man in the street is playing drums on old cans.
The homeless man is playing songs
Five young boys in swim trunks jump into a swimming pool at the same time.
A group of young boys holding hands as they jump into the pool
Three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices.
They are all using phones.
Two people in winter clothing sliding down a snow-covered hill.
Two brothers are having fun in the snow.
A woman runs by in the foreground as other competitors stand on the sideline.
A woman is about to win a marathon.
An older gentleman standing in front of a washer and dryer with his hand getting ready to push a button and a black basket of clothes sitting on top of the dryer next to him.
A man washes pants
An older perhaps Asian man who is wearing a sleeveless shirt with quite a few people in the background.
A tall human wearing
An older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land.
A person is outside.
An older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land.
The guy is watching planes land at an airport.
A man is walking in the same direction that a model airplane is flying in dried grassland.
A man is following a remote control airplane.
Two men are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets.
Two sad men are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets.
Several children playing outside
A lot of children are playing hopscotch in the driveway.
A old man sells hardware parts on a dirty sidewalk.
The man is homeless.
A woman sitting eating a sandwich.
A woman eating a meatball sandwich
A young boy, toddler age, wearing a blue shirt plays with a yellow dump truck in a family living room.
A boy pretends he is a construction worker while playing with a dump truck.
A man with a black suit and a woman in a white dress holding red flowers and her marriage certificate got married.
A man is getting married to his 3rd wife in ten years.
People wait in line at bus stop.
People wait for the bus to take them to the concert.
A military group in uniform standing together while one of them gets their hat adjusted.
A drill instructor is adjusted a students hat before they preform at a funeral.
Several runners compete in a road race.
Several runners compete in an indoor road race.
A man dressed entirely orange is taking a photo of a man sitting, there is a big group of people sitting nearby.
The man dressed in orange is an escaped convict.
There's an invisible man holding a rainbow umbrella.
it is raining
A cowboy struggling to maintain control on a horse at a rodeo.
the horse is wild
One boy sitting off to the side all alone.
A little boy is sitting alone at the park.
A child wearing a green t-shirt takes his first steps across a playground bridge.
A child holding playset railing to support himself.
These two poodles, one black and one brown, are playing.
The dogs are playing outside.
Three children run on a sidewalk with a river on one side and a wall on the other.
Three children are on summer vacation by the river.
A man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one.
A sad man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one.
A man wearing an orange hard hat is being lowered down the side of a building.
The man is working on the building.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A cute dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks happily through the snow.
A group of grimacing males is running on green grass, several of them are wearing Nike sneakers.
The men are running from the police.
A busy street full of shops and people holding hands and walking.
Couples looking for places to shop.
Street performers with Santa Clause in the middle and ladies on the sides joining hands.
street performers are with santa holding hands on christmas
A woman seated indoors wearing glasses, an orange shirt, jeans and sandals is eating from a container in her hand.
A woman waits for her husband to come home for dinner.
There are two people sitting and eating ice cream while others in the background are walking.
The two people are eating chocolate ice cream.
Boys on a field playing flag football with one boy wearing the red flag clutching the football while a boy with a yellow flag dives to get his red flag.
A boy dives to get the flag to end the game of flag football
There is one person lying in a large, green field.
The person is watching clouds on a summer day.
An Asian badminton player at the Olympics is sprawled on the court, face down with his racket at his side.
After tripping and falling over a small rock, the international sporting contestant winces in pain.
A little boy in a striped shirt is standing behind a tree.
The boy is waiting to surprise a friend.
An Asian child sleeping in a grocery cart in a grocery store.
The child is with his mother.
Man brushes image in the sand.
An artist finishes his first sand artwork.
A boy in a red shirt and a boy in a yellow shirt are jumping on a trampoline outside.
The boys are brothers.
A girl in a white dress dancing in a field.
The girl is happy.
Three people, a woman and two men ride scooters amongst the pedestrians of a busy city street.
The three people are going to a party.
A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants.
A man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his long pants.
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held.
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held after being called by his mother.
A man and woman running side by side down a tree-lined street casting long shadows.
A couple goes on a jog together.
There are two workers one is bent over with his butt to the camera
The worker is picking up a wrench from the ground.
A poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings.
A family has been evicted.
A man at the beach, building a sand castle.
A man is using buckets and a shovel.
One kid is running across a field carrying a football while another is close behind grabbing for his flags.
Two children compete in the championships.
A man and a dog on the beach.
The dog is eating a hamburger.
A man and a dog on the beach.
The gentleman and his Doberman are enjoying the sun.
An african american runs with a basketball as a caucasion tries to take the ball from him.
The african american player does tricks with the basketball like a Globetrotter, while teasing the white player.
An african american runs with a basketball as a caucasion tries to take the ball from him.
The white basketball player tries to get the ball from the black player, but he cannot get it.
A man holding his shoe on the beach
A guy on the beach is emptying sand out of his shoe.
A child is jumping off a platform into a pool.
The child is taking a diving class.
A man with a gray beard and an apron smiles.
A grandfather smiling while baking
Young friends in a park relaxing and enjoying conversation with each other.
They are gossiping about each other.
A girl in green is running behind a boy in red in a sports arena whilst a girl in pink is running in the background.
Some kids are competing in a race.
This man holds a teddy bear by the nostrils with one hand, and a microphone in the other.
A man is going to entertain people with a teddy bear as a prompt
A white-haired man reclines in a seat pad on a boat's deck, reading a book.
a man reclines in a seat pad on a boat, while reading a book and enjoying his day off.
A boy in an orange shirt sells fruit from a street cart.
A boy works his fathers street cart selling fruit.
A young boy in a red jacket and a child in a blue jacket sitting on the bank next to water.
The children are watching the water.
Interior scene of fairly full tour bus.
There are men and women on the bus.
A young boy and girl playing Pokemon.
The children are five years old.
A gray-haired woman wearing tan pants, a yellow and white jacket and sunglasses is sitting on a bench.
The woman is reading.
A group of men are searching for something.
A group of men are using flashlights to find something.
Several men working to repair a McDonald's sign.
Several men working to repair a McDonald's sign at their place of employment
Many people standing around a silver car with the hood raised while a young girl in a yellow shirt and blue jeans drinks from a bottle.
A group of buyers inspect a car before it goes on the auction block.
A woman and a naked child wade into the ocean.
A woman and child wade into the low tide ocean water looking for star fish.
A crowd watching a soccer match.
A crowd cheers on their favorite team.
A group of people standing on a sidewalk.
The people are waiting for the bus.
Two male curling players are on ice sweeping the path in front of polished rock, a small crowd watches.
Several individual and cleaning the ice so they can play curling iron on the ground
A man in a checkered shirt pushes a red bin in front of him while wearing something on his head.
The bin is old.
3 people sitting in a boat, rowing in a large body of water surrounded by greenery.
the people are ladies
A group of constructions workers lifting a bathtub.
Tall humans working
A woman in a pink shirt is holding a hot air balloon with an American flag on it.
A woman is holding a hot air balloon on the 4th of July.
A man and child working on a puzzle.
A dad is helping his daughter with a puzzle.
Three cheerful ladies sitting at a table doing a yarn work in a room, at the background are similar groups of ladies doing similar work.
The ladies are discussing what they are going to do tonight.
A man holding a large swordfish.
A man beams with pride at his big catch.
A group of men are playing rugby in a field with houses visible in the distance.
The field is wet
Two girls bump into each other while they are rollerskating.
two girls were dancing while rollerskating and hit each other
A cement truck pours cement on the street.
The truck is red
two cheerleaders in red an black are standing on the shoulders of other cheerleaders in front of a red curtain.
The cheerleaders stand on the other cheerleaders for an hour
A woman watches a child play near a small pool.
A mother watchers her daughter.
A woman holding a red cup with a straw in it sits in front of a man and a woman looking at a book.
People read.
A man in a blue jacket riding a bike
A man is on his yellow bike.
Two girls wading through hip deep mud.
Two girls are stuck.
A person wearing orange pants in playing in the mud.
A young girl is making mud cakes.
Man walking barefoot on the beach on what seems to be a very cloudy day.
It is going to rain soon.
A snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump.
A snowboarder is flipping in the air.
Dirt biker number 52 making a high jump while riding his trail
The person is in a bike race.
Red objects fall on men standing behind a red wall.
The objects are initially higher than the men.
Red objects fall on men standing behind a red wall.
The objects are balls.
A woman in a green blouse and black skirt sitting on a bench in front of an elephant model.
The woman has sunglasses on.
a man plays his guitar on the street.
The man is begging for money on the street.
a man plays his guitar on the street.
The man is playing his guitar and singing on the street.
The man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building.
the man in skates follows a race path
Two men in shorts hang out at the beach.
The two men are brothers.
A baseball pitcher wearing a purple and white uniform throwing a baseball from the mound.
A pitcher is pitching in the championship game.
There are three woman conversing at a table with drinks.
The women are drinking wine
A white dog bounding through snow
A dog running to the master who called him
A man in a black wetsuit with white shorts is windsurfing on a blue body of water with mountains in the background.
The man is wearing swim cap.
A teenage is on a surfboard.
a teen is catching a big wave
A woman is pushing her bike with a baby carriage in front.
A woman is going for a ride in the park with her baby.
Two men stand in a brightly colored alley.
Two men are waiting for their other friend.
Two men stand in a brightly colored alley.
Two men are standing near each other.
Two men stand in a brightly colored alley.
Two men are passionately kissing in an alley.
Two people on scooters in a field of flowers.
The two people are having a race with their scooters.
A little boy wearing glasses and a t-shirt that says, "I'm a Pepper and Dr. Pepper," stands looking at an older boy sitting in the grass.
Young boy watches his brother sitting down in the grass.
Children and adults swim in large pool with red staircase.
Children are trying to learn how to swim with their parents in a large pool with a red staircase.
Two little Asian kids are dressed warmly in colorful jackets while standing on the playground.
It is cold outside.
A woman in a tan dress is tending to her wares in the market.
The woman is selling pies.
a big tan dog drinks water from an outdoor water spout.
A dog is in a park.
A man in a shirt and tie does the splits on a wood floor
The man is a gymnast.
A gentleman in a black shirt and cap sits under a wavy wooden roof in an outdoor cafeteria setting.
A tall man in a cap
A man in red pants skiing down a slope.
An Olympic skier skiing.
A man gives a speech at an ornate costume party.
A public speaker is protesting Halloween.
A man gives a speech at an ornate costume party.
The person is a keystone speaker.
Bikers talking in the road.
Male Bikers talking in the busy road while its raining.
People sitting down, walking around and, taking pictures outside of a building.
They are visiting a country.
People sitting down, walking around and, taking pictures outside of a building.
People are taking pictures of various things.
A man in a black shirt opening his mail.
A man in a black shirt is about to open his cable bill.
Three people in coats stand in front of a blue building.
Three people are standing in front of a building talking.
A man parasailing in rough waters.
A boat jerks the man parasailing.
Two men and a lady are standing outside.
They are smoking a cigarette.
A man in a kitchen leaning over a table sharpening a knife.
A guy sharpens his knife to butcher the hogs.
A person in a blue and yellow snowsuit is snowboarding and snow is coming up in the air around the board.
A snowboarder is performing tricks.
Two men in shorts walking in front of a trashcan.
The men are strolling down the boardwalk.
A man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags, wearing one shoe and no shirt.
A man lies near an alley.
A man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags, wearing one shoe and no shirt.
A man lies in an alley with a shotgun and a bottle.
Black dog with white puppies laying on the floor.
A dog resting next to it's baby puppies.
Two young children cook by sitting on the kitchen counter.
They are preparing dinner for their parents.
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby.
The baby is being held by the man with the stubble on his face and is crying
Several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge.
Several people are wading ina  dangerous river that may cost them their lives.
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
The dog is competing in an agility contest.
A man with an orange hat in a yellow canoe paddles along a river in a wooded, mountainous area.
The man is on vacation
A child is looking at some colorful dresses.
A sad child is looking at some colorful dresses.
a child is on the ground crying.
A child on the ground crying as others look on.
a child is on the ground crying.
A child on the ground crying outside with its parents.
A father sitting on an exercise ball holding his newborn, while his toddler son hangs on to his back.
The father is getting ready to play with his son.
A crowd standing in a room with their backs to the camera.
The people in the room are avoiding the cameraman.
A woman in a blue sweatshirt is shearing the wool off of a lamb.
The woman is fat
The blond-haired and blue eyed child holds the wooden airplane in his hands.
A child is playing with a toy airplane that was made by his grandfather.
People laying in massage chairs
People enjoy the demo of the stores new massage chairs.
An athlete executes a judo throw while a judge watches.
The athletes must perform certain moves for the judge.
Young soccer players, wearing blue and white jerseys, walk around while waiting for their turn or play to begin in a soccer match.
the player is a woman
Children's boys outdoor soccer game, 4 children visible from the blue team in front of many background onlookers.
There is a good game going on
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk.
A man tidying up his moms yard.
A young woman wearing a white cardigan and shorts sitting on the edge of a platform that is raised above a body of water.
The woman is sitting on the pier watching the sunset.
Several children are standing in a house looking out the window.
some siblings are indoors while it rains
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
The girl is jumping rope just for exercise.
A baby is in an activity chair in a child's playroom.
The baby is playing with blocks.
A baseball player catching a ball as it comes to him.
A baseball player is about to make a game winning catch in left field.
A band on stage playing a song with a banner in the background that says Screaming Orphans.
The band is playing for a charity concert.
A boy is carrying a black body board across the sand.
The boy is near the ocean.
A man cooking kabobs on a barbecue in his backyard.
The man makes the best kabobs in the world.
three girls take cover under their umbrellas.
Funny girls taking cover.
A man in a staff shirt break-dancing.
A man is impressing other employees with his dancing.
A girl is jumping off of a swing and landing on her feet.
A girl is trying to see how far she can jump.
Young child is falling through the air from a swing.
the child is on the playground
A little girl is jumping over a yellow rope.
A girl practices for a jump rope competition.
A male with brown clothing standing on the side of the street with his thumb out with a big bag on his back.
the man is asian
Two Seattle firefighters standing in front of their truck.
the firefighters are women
A dressed up woman walking next to a store at night.
A dressed up woman is walking next to a pharmacy at night.
A black woman wearing black walking by a window with a mannequin in it.
A black woman walks by a Bloomingdale's.
A man wearing a black T-shirt and a tan jacket wrapped around his waist pulls a wheeled gray and black bag as he walks next to a building that has large glass windows.
An elderly man walking next to a skyscraper.
A man smoking a cigarette is working outside.
A man smokes a cigarette while waiting for his work to compile.
A man with a striped shirt looks at a load of green and yellow vegetables on the back of a truck.
A man selling vegetables from the back of a truck.
A woman wearing a red tank top is preparing food while a man and a woman sit on the other side of the kitchen counter watching her.
A woman prepares food for a newly wed couple
A small girl in a blue shirt with a posy pattern brushes her teeth with a red and yellow toothbrush.
The little girl is preparing for bed
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
The man is waiting for the bus
Two elderly men and one elderly woman standing on a sidewalk staring to their left.
Three people await the bus.
A woman in brown boots talks on her cellphone and holds an umbrella.
A woman is standing in the rain.
A child in a baseball park who has just hit a baseball off a tee with a blue bat and is about to run to first base.
A young kid hits a homerun.
Two women stop between a red smart car and a group of photographers to examine their items in hand.
The women are sisters.
Two firemen beside their fire engine.
The men are near their old fire engines
A woman is exercising in a tropical setting.
A woman is doing yoga on the beach.
The Raiders complete the pass while the Dolphin defense scrambles to catch him.
The players are playing in Oakland.
Many people have painted faces at night.
The people are wearing costumes.
A man and a woman wearing costume glasses (with attached eyebrows, nose, and moustache) and holding cigars.
The people are blowing smoke out of their mouths.
A young boy and young girl both wearing shorts stand face on the street while an adult's arm can be seen nearby.
Funny people wearing shorts
A group of Scottish officers doing a demonstration.
10 officers performing a demonstration outside.
A woman with sneakers and a skirt is sweeping out a storage building.
Woman sweeps storage building, cleaning it out to get ready for business.
A woman walking in front of a yellow building.
The woman is walking for exercise.
A man bakes in a kitchen while wearing gloves and a hat.
The man is baking a cake.
The little blond-haired child is walking up the slope.
A child is walking towards his mother.
A woman in a purple shirt buying food from a street vendor.
A woman buys some fruit from a street vendor.
A woman is looking at a pamphlet talking to someone, while a guy takes photos in the background.
Photo shoot preparation.
A woman hanging out her laundry on the line.
A woman hangs her wash out to save money.
Old man crafting something in his workshop.
An old man is working at his home workshop.
A man with an open shirt and glasses holding a microphone and another man in a bowler hat and plaid suit using a bow on an instrument.
Sam and Ben are playing in a bar.
A girl standing by a decorated structural beam poses for a picture.
A girl poses for a picture with her sister.
Skateboarder jumps off a 5 ft cliff, performing a stunt.
A skateboarder is about to fall off his skateboard.
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt is playing an acoustic guitar.
The man is playing a concert.
a man scales the large rock.
The man is using climbing equipment to scale a rock.
A man with a cowboy hat green plaid shirt, jeans, and red boots and chaps rides a bay horse next to a young boy with a cowboy hat and blue shirt, jeans and chaps rides a pony next to him.
People are riding horses and ponies for a circus event.
A man walking by a cement column next to the sea.
There are large waves in the sea.
A person on a brown horse in a prairie in front of tall mountains.
The horseback rider is traveling from one ranch to another
People are standing around visiting near a fountain.
People are standing around the new fountain in the city hall.
A young boy riding on the shoulders of a man outdoors.
A man and his son are outside at the park.
A man with a mustache is playing ice hockey with snow in the background.
A man is on a frozen lake.
A man with a mustache is playing ice hockey with snow in the background.
A person is practicing hockey.
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles.
A young kid holds her favorite toy.
Sisters waiting for their dinner to be served at a restaurant while listening to live music.
Twin sisters are celebrating their birthday at a fancy restaurant.
A woman dressed in a blue tennis outfit is returning a hit with her tennis racket
A woman is in the Olympics.
Blond tennis player pauses to view the crowd.
A tennis player is getting anxious because all the people are watching.
A young man, without apparent protective gear, is on a bicycle jumping over small hills of sand or gravel, with a long bridge and tall buildings in the background.
A young man is racing home to eat dinner.
Two people one in a brown shirt wearing a backpack and the other wearing a pick sweater and bike helmet are kneeling at a bicycle tire.
A tall person in a shirt
An older man in an apron cleaning.
A man is mopping the floor.
A woman dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
An acrobat is hanging from a tree.
Two young men sitting at the end of a long table eating; there are 3 plates full of food, two glasses with a yellow colored drink and a small orange case on the table.
A small light orange case is on the table.
A small child with a blue hood is looking out the window.
A child is excited
A black dog plays with a white and blue colored stuffed animal.
The dog is not supposed to have the stuffed animal.
A man is jumping over a rock.
A hiker shows off his agility.
Old woman chasing away two lambs with a broom.
A black woman is chasing two grey lambs.
A group of children of varying ages are sitting at large tables eating.
The children are in the cafeteria.
Three people are standing on a pier between two boats.
They are about to get onto a boat.
A skilled calligrapher is working at his art.
he is creating his best art to date
Attractive military man with weapons and ammunition sitting on top of a netted armed vehicle.
Military man sits on armed vehicle in the Middle East.
A man in a red shirt plays his guitar while looking down.
A man practicing a song he wrote
A small colorful race car on the track with people in the background in a roped off area.
The car is moving very slowly
Two children examine a stack of books and games, including the game "Poncho Pal," next to a piece of furniture.
Two children are exploring their grandparents games and books.
Two children examine a stack of books and games, including the game "Poncho Pal," next to a piece of furniture.
Two children are looking for something to do.
A lady is looking at ice cream in a refrigerator.
A lady looking for vanilla ice cream.
A lady is looking at ice cream in a refrigerator.
A lady indoors.
A little girl in a pink soccer outfit standing in front of a soccer net
The girl is a goalie for her soccer team.
Two women standing outside looking at a water fountain with bright green trees in the background.
two women toss pennies into the fountain
A swimming dog with a small branch in its mouth.
A male dog is swimming in a lake with a stick in its mouth.
The group of people make single file lines on the field.
Soldiers standing in lines outside.
A man with a tattoo is wearing sunglasses while holding a small boy.
A man with a facial tattoo and Ray-Bans is holding a toddler.
One boy is driving a play tractor while the other boy jumps off the back of the play tractor.
The boy gets hurt jumping.
Children walk in the city.
The city is huge
A large competition sailboat is surrounded by three small boats in the middle of the water.
A large boat with a green flag on the back is towering above three smaller boats with the same flag.
Two black dogs run along the green grass.
Two dogs run to catch a bone.
Smiling woman in yellow shirt gesturing.
the woman was gesturing to her son
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table.
Two children are outdoors at a park playing.
A dancer in costumer performs on stage while a man watches.
the man is captivated
Two men dressed in white robes and red capes ride bicycles while carrying staffs topped with skulls.
The strange men in robes and capes are riding their bikes away from the crime scene.
A woman, wearing a white shirt and green shorts, sitting on a rock in a beautiful body of water.
The woman is barefoot.
Woman is sewing in order to make a living in her country.
A woman is sewing a dress.
A smartly dressed woman wearing a white jacket is holding a camera.
A smartly dressed woman is taking pictures.
A smartly dressed woman wearing a white jacket is holding a camera.
A woman dressed smartly to maintain respect.
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth.
The dog is coming out of the ocean with a stick in its mouth.
A man playing a guitar and a man playing drums
One man playing the guitar while another plays the drums at a live music event.
A man in a blue shirt and light blue cap walks by a working scale model of an antique freight train.
an old man walks by a metal train
A man in a blue uniform tries to shoot a basket during a basketball game, while surrounded by three men in white uniforms, and as another blue-uniformed player looks on.
A basketball player has just blocked the shot of another player.
A man and a woman are walking in the middle of a street.
People are crossing the street.
Woman wearing jeans and white shirt watches as her bowling ball rolls down the lane to the pins.
A woman scores.
Several people are sitting down playing volleyball with a sign that reads "WheelPower" in the background.
twelve women play a game
Girl in pink bathing suit with right arm in air behind a seagull on the beach near the water.
The girl is feeding the seagull.
A man is putting on a yellow necktie while another man stands to his right side watching him.
a man gets ready for a business meeting
A woman in a jacket and scarf looking a table that a man in a black shirt is cooking something on.
A man is giving a woman cooking lessons.
A woman in a blue dress is leaning on a wall with graffiti painted on it.
The woman in a crowded city
A child walking towards a bridge waving a flag.
a kid walks with a flag to celebrate 4th of July
A single runner, clothed in appropriate attire, jogging on a sidewalk next to a body of water, with buildings in the backdrop on the other side of the water.
A jogger jogs around a lake.
a boy walks through the water.
A boy walks through water in a fountain.
Three Little boys hold hands and jump into a pool together.
The little boys are friends.
A female researcher videotaping a specimen.
A women is poking a specimen with a stick.
A female researcher videotaping a specimen.
A woman is recording her research for a live show on discovery channel.
A black race car starts up in front of a crowd of people.
A black car is preparing for a race.
Man dog sledding with his child in the icy snow.
Icy snow slowing down a man's dog sled.
A man wearing a Santa hat holds up a photo to the class.
A man shows a picture of an elf to the class.
A woman is cleaning an outdoor pool.
The pool is being vacuumed by the woman.
A man and woman showing a small child how to use a gun.
Parents showing a child how to kill himself and others
A young boy carries a green, white, and red flag and walks next to a woman.
The woman walking next to the boy carrying the flag is tall.
A woman is walking with a boy who is holding a flag.
A mother is walking with her child who is holding up an american flag.
A young man in a blue checkered dress shirt sits with a young woman in a black and white striped shirt and another young woman in a white shirt as they sit on each of his legs in a park.
Young couples are picnicking together on a sunny day.
A dog chasing a deer in a field with yellow flowers.
A dog is hunting with its owner.
A young man in khaki shorts and a yellow shirt stands outside in the sidewalk and waves a Brazilian flag.
The young man is brazilian.
Black dog with orange ball approaches camera across dead leaves.
A little dog gets its' picture taken.
a climber in a red shirt is scaling a rock face whilst being watched by another man in a white shirt.
The climber is wearing blue pants.
A woman is standing in a very large produce section of a grocery store.
A person is chosing some apples.
A group of people wearing skydiving outfits.
A group of people is standing in a plane, ready to jump out and skydive.
Several people with parachutes are overlooking a beautiful view of fields and hills.
Paragliders survey their flight options.
A person in shorts is holding a Frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on.
a group is playing ultimate frisbee
A group of women are sitting and knitting together in a cafe.
the women are knitting scarves
Young blond girl holding chopsticks looks with red eyes at camera while another girl in the background looks at food.
The girl has shoulder length hair.
A man about to smash something with a very large sledgehammer.
the man is a demolition worker
A crowd of interested people surrounds a man swinging a sledgehammer.
A man shows a group of people how to use a sledgehammer.
Small boy hugged by person in bee costume, blurry urban background.
The boy is at a birthday party and giving a hug.
A treat vendor is standing in the sun while others sit in the shade under umbrellas.
A man is selling food to pedestrians.
Four people are bandaging a head wound.
Medical personnel are helping an injured person.
There are four US military soldiers in this photo, only two have their faces in the picture, there is a pack of cigarettes by one of their boots, they appear to be fixing a motorcycle.
The brand of cigarettes is Marlboro.
A woman on a racing horse.
The woman is at the Kentucky Derby.
A girl is working on some sort of lab experiment while another girl watches with a bored expression.
A girl is trying to reconstruct her dead puppy while her cousin watches.
A man sits on the edge of a cliff overlooking a deep valley.
He is going to jump.
A bald, white man, talks with an old, black man, on a bench.
The two old men on the bench were talking about chess.
Girl laying atop floating dock.
A female is thirsty while she waits to be rescue from the dock.
A young boy laughs dressed in Karate attire with a little girl behind him, perhaps tickling him.
The little girl is trying to make her friend laugh before his karate match.
A young boy laughs dressed in Karate attire with a little girl behind him, perhaps tickling him.
The children are getting along.
A young man sits at a workbench amidst a number of work tools including wire cutters working on what appears to be a large ornate necklace.
The necklace will be sold.
Women posing for a picture during a bicycle race on a bridge.
the woman is riding the bike.
Women posing for a picture during a bicycle race on a bridge.
the woman is an athlete
A woman holds a little girl next to a large wooden carving of a bear.
The mother and girl are posing for a picture.
A girl runs in a lake while the sun sets.
A girl is enjoying her holiday weekend.
the man in jeans is sitting by the river with large fish.
A man in jeans is sitting by a river with large koi fish.
A man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish.
Man tries fishing at a local fishing hole, unsucessfully.
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog.
There is a man and his dog at the park.
A man wearing a white and blue shirt cooking corn on the cob while a different man buys a piece of corn.
The farmer is selling some of his stock to a customer.
A woman with a crescent tattoo on her shoulder is painting an image of a face onto a wall.
A woman is an artist.
A group of people are posing as though flung back by the shock wave of someone punching the ground.
It is a fantasy simulation.
Two kids standing beside a snowman.
Two children pose for a picture with the snowman they built.
Man observes a wavelength given off by an electronic device.
The man is running an experiment.
Women and children are walking down a cement dock to board a nearby cruise ship painted red and white.
The women are going on a voyage.
Group of casually dressed people, walking towards a large sea vessel.
They are going on a submarine voyage.
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area.
The girl is the woman's daughter.
A brown, black, and white dog barking up a tree.
Dogs are barking up a tree because they noticed a squirel.
A black and white dog running through shallow water.
Two dogs playing at the park.
The black dog is running through water.
The black dog is running to catch a ball.
The woman is holding the hand of the little girl in the red dress with the polka-dotted skirt.
A child wearing polka dots hold her mom's hand as they walk to school.
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles.
A guy on a roof working on terracotta roof tiles of his home.
A young blond girl with a red and blue mark on her cheek.
a young girl with a bruise on her face
A man wearing a baseball hate is checking his phone
The man is texting his friends.
A man wearing a baseball hate is checking his phone
The man loves baseball an goes to lots of games.
A little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in bermuda shorts stands behind them.
A father plays ball with his children on a grassy field.
a girl wearing pink shoes jumps off a swing in a park
The girl is wearing a pink ribbon.
A man in swimming trunks kicking a ball at the beach.
A man wearing swimming trunks kicks a ball around with his son at the beach.
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall.
The woman is not near the boy
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall.
The woman and the boy are sitting near a wall and each other
A woman in a headscarf and a boy wearing blue look to the right while sitting against a wall.
They are outside on a beautiful day
four men are wearing red baseball caps and orange and yellow shirts.
Four men are on their way to a construction site.
Four men wearing orange jackets and red hats, walking near a wavy trimmed bush.
The four men are in jackets to help clear out the road.
Four men wearing orange jackets and red hats, walking near a wavy trimmed bush.
The bushes are getting trimmed by guys.
A goalie braces himself for the ball that's coming his way.
A goalie in the World Cup.
A little boy kisses a little girl as they sit on a hay bale with pumpkins and a Halloween display in the background.
two kids are paid to kiss
A woman is using Frisbees to play with a dog in front of a stadium crowd and a group of baseball players.
The dog is a show dog, entertaining the crowd before the game.
Group of children listening to security guard.
The children are behaving
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball.
Rival teams compete for the ball.
A man just roaming on the streets during night.
A man is roaming the streets at night, drunk.
A woman and a man are sword fighting.
A woman appears to be beating a man in a sword fight.
The room full of youths reacts emotionally as they spectate.
a room full of kids crying at a movie.
A woman in a tomato-colored jogging suit carries both a red purse and a navy blue messenger bag.
The purse and bag that the woman is holding are of popular brands.
a maintenance worker at the airport carries a small girl.
A father carries his daughter.
a woman holding a child in a purple shirt
a woman and her son
A young man dressed in a black t-shirt, blue jeans and a blue baseball cap performs a skateboarding trick on a granite bench in front of a pharmacy building.
Teenagers congregate in front of the old pharmacy to skateboard together.
The exhaustion in the woman's face while she continues to ride her bicycle in the competition.
A tall person on a bike
There is a woman here in a children's room, wearing a red vest, with her hand in a fake sharks mouth.
The woman is demonstrating a shark bite.
A man in black pants and a white shirt is walking down the sidewalk in front of a building that has graffiti on it.
A man is walking down the sidewalk in Detroit.
The man in the black and white shirt is running with a ball.
A referee is returning with the football.
A guy looking out over the scenic forest.
A guy is camping in the forest.
A guy looking out over the scenic forest.
There are birds flying over the forest.
A woman prepares ingredients for a bowl of soup.
A woman is cutting carrots.
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
A woman is at the beach.
A group of friends stand around at night while one in a brown coat blows bubbles from a blue container.
The group of friends are very happy.
A street vendor in chef's clothing with a food cart, which has gathered people around it.
A street vendor is selling delicious food to people.
A child is wearing white and blue face paint.
A child is celebrating his favorite team with face paint.
Boy with white powder and blue writing on his face
A boy have clown make up on his face.
A man in a denim shirt and pants is smoking a cigarette while playing a cello for money.
A man in denim shirt is smoking marbellos.
A woman cooking and drinking wine from the bottle.
A woman is getting drunk.
A woman cooking and drinking wine from the bottle.
A woman is drinking expensive wine.
A woman walks next to a subway exit.
A woman is on here way home.
A teenage boy is standing in front of a game machine in an arcade hall ready to put a token into a coin slot.
A teenage boy is at a arcade and is about to play his favorite game.
Two hockey players battling for the puck after a face off.
The hockey sticks are a natural color.
Two young girls are playing large stringed instruments behind music stands, with a window in the background.
The girls are practicing their music for the concert.
A sumo wrestler accepting an award.
A wrestler won the fight.
A person in red playing football on the beach.
The person is playing touch football.
A bunch of people are watching a man with his left arm wrapped around the legs of his downed, struggling wrestling opponent on a blue mat.
The people watching the wrestlers are their parents and friends.
two wrestlers wrestling, the one on the bottom is in submission and could possibly be in pain.
They fight for the championship belt in this final match
A cute couple at a club
The couple just started dating.
Three adult bystanders and one child looking up toward the sky while standing on the sidewalk.
A child and his three aunts are watching the skydiver in the sky.
This child is feeding a male deer.
The child feeds an apple to a deer.
A man biting a candle while a woman holds a cake.
Jeffs 30th birthday is not going well.
Two people are sitting under a tent while another stands.
People sitting under a tent are cold while the other stands and tries to start a fire.
Two teams, one wearing black and white, one wearing red and white, and a man in yellow and black, play football (soccer) in a stadium.
The game is the final one in the world cup
A large crowd gathered in front of McDonald's.
some people went out for burgers.
His back facing us, a young man photographs a lovely mountain lake scene under a hazy sky.
A young man photographs the Rocky Mountains.
A young boy plays in the sprinklers, allowing the water to spray completely over his right arm.
The boy is wearing yellow swimming trunks.
two people in a rowboat in a river.
Two people escape from a sinking ship in a river using a rowboat.
A boy wearing blue jeans is skateboarding.
a boy skateboards with his sister.
A race car driver with a red suit and colorful helmet drives a car on the street with the number 12 on the front.
A race car driver is racing in a big racing championship.
two bicyclists in spandex and helmets in a race pedaling uphill.
A male and a female bicyclist are racing for money as they pedal to the top of the mountain.
3 women and 2 men waiting by a wall in the park talking
The people were talking about a game.
Very young boy in a green shirt laying face down on a white bed.
the young boy is tired.
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers.
The participant is in first place
People dancing and being watched by a man wearing a shirt that says security.
He is ready to approach the dancing people.
A man is wearing blue button down shirt talking to media during a crowded protest.
A man is angry at the government.
Two teenagers in green and brown coats pose for a picture while out shopping.
The two teenagers are classmates.
Four men are playing soccer, two in white jerseys, one in a red jersey and a goalie in the background.
The soccer players uniforms, while colorful are not very comfortable to wear.
A man in gray slacks and sweater observes marker placed in front of a fence in a field.
The man is old.
People riding on a tour bus in a parade wave to the bystanders.
The celebrities wave to the crowd.
Three men pose for a picture while standing in front of table at a conference.
the men are tall
A man and a woman at a meal, with a dog between them.
A brother and sister have a dog between them.
People are gathered around the table filled with food.
A family has Thanksgiving dinner.
Two people are walking down the street holding hands in the fall.
A couple is looking for a house.
Two children are sleeping while someone is fingering through a book of music.
The music is quiet.
People go about their daily routines- selling food, cutting hair- on the ghetto streets of Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
People are trying to go about their day as causal as possible
A woman wearing a red scarf raises her hand as she walks in a parade.
A woman raises her hand as she walks in a parade for St. Patrick's Day.
A man painting in front of a storefront, his paintings are displayed.
The man is painting a store sign.
Two women, one wearing a red, white and blue bikini pose for a picture on a city's street.
Two women in bikinis are in San Francisco.
A woman with a pink tank top and two different shoes poses for a picture with another woman wearing a purple wig, black cowboy hat, american flag bikini and high heeled boots.
A woman poses next to her sister on halloween.
A shirtless man sleeps in his blue boat out on the open waters.
A man is sleeping through a rainstorm out on his boat.
A man wearing a green shirt is grinning at the computer screen with his hand on the mouse.
the man is an army sergeant
A black and white dog playing with a broken volleyball
The dogs are playing with the ball that the kids just broke.
Two men holding their mouths open.
Two men in awe.
People in helmets wait in a long line.
they are standing in the rain
People in helmets wait in a long line.
they are wait for food
A man in a blue shirt leans on a wall beside a road with a blue van and red car with water in the background.
The blue van belongs to the man.
A person surfs through a wave as it crashes down.
A person is scared of the waves.
A skydiving instructor with a student strapped together while skydiving.
Two men are jumping from a plane.
An elderly man is posing in front of some rock formations.
An older man on a family vacation.
A curly-haired child is blowing away dandelion seeds while laying in a field of lush green grass.
A child is making a wish on the dandelion seeds.
A square full of people and life.
The square is full of people and activity during an annual festival.
A child poses his head through a hole in a painted wall.
The paint on the wall is wet.
A little child is looking towards someone while their head is in a painting designed like a bean.
A child is observing an artist doing his work.
A man is standing on a rooftop looking at his camera.
A man is taking pictures on top of a roof.
A group of 5 girls in school uniforms are standing together and waiting to cross the street while one girl takes a picture.
The girls' uniforms are solid white.
A group of schoolgirls are standing together while one is taking pictures.
The schoolgirls are graduating soon.
Woman in light blue knit hat and light blue zippered jacket kneels in front of a bowl of liquid and small bottle.
A woman is cleaning something she has spilled.
A group of Japanese women wearing matching outfits walking across a crosswalk while passersby stare.
The outfits are all black.
The police officer riding a horse is talking to a man riding a bike.
The police officer riding a horse is giving a man a ticket.
A volleyball match, with players in primarily red uniforms, being played in front of a large crowd.
Players in the volleyball match fight for the glory of their country.
Asian workers assembling a wood project.
Asian workers are building a shed.
A young girl in pink pants and a white top stands watering a group of household plants in her driveway, standing next to the family car.
A young girl is watering the plants with fertilizer in the driveway.
A young girl in pink pants and a white top stands watering a group of household plants in her driveway, standing next to the family car.
A young girls is watering the plants next to the her dads cars.
Man standing on a tricycle riding in front of a crowd.
A man is performing tricks on a bike.
A man wearing a U.S. Navy uniform and a woman in a uniform are watching an even with worried expressions on their faces.
A serviceman is looking at something scary
A young man and woman lay on a bed, the woman makes a goofy face.
The man is laughing.
A toddler is playing with colorful plastic building toys.
A funny human playing.
A group of boy scouts are standing in an alert position.
A group of sad boy scouts are standing in an alert position.
An African Boy Is Looking Out From A Wooden Enclosure, He Is Wearing A Chain Necklace.
The African boys looks through the wooden bars, waiting for his captor.
Woman helps bride into dress.
A woman zips a wedding dress.
Two women are looking at bread in packages on a table.
The women are sitting at a table.
A man and woman dance together.
A man and woman dance together to their favorite song.
A man who appears to be homeless, sitting on the ground with a blue jacket on and a bald spot in the middle of his head.
the man is old
A man and a female doing some type of martial arts.
Two people spar using some form of martial arts.
A man and a female doing some type of martial arts.
A master is training their pupil in tae kwon do.
Music can be created, through winded instruments, by winded instruments, and they are all enjoyed by different peoples, throughout the world.
music is great
A woman with red dyed hair standing and walking with her purse among a group of seated people.
The woman is trying to get to her seat next to the group of seated people.
An Asian man in a black robe is holding up a small fan by a bush with smoke coming out of it.
An Asian priest fanning a bush.
Buddhist priest blessing his worshipers.
a priest has tattoos
A little boy is standing alone in a wooded park.
A boy is waiting for his sister.
An Asian man is standing on a rusty dock surrounded by ropes and tires and is sticking a fishing pole into the water in front of him.
A fisherman is working hard on the dock
Rear view of woman walking along side of building.
A woman walks to work.
A woman with a purple purse sits on the metro with her suitcase.
A woman is waiting for a train.
A group of youths, one wearing a t-shirt labeled "L.A. City Lounge South", are working on a craft project that involves the use of flour.
 A group of youths are baking some delicious brownies.
women wearing black tank top cutting another woman's shirt while riding a bus.
The group of women is jealous of another woman.
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water.
The child is paddling a rusty canoe in the river.
A man walks down the alley talking on his cellphone.
A man is walking down a colorful alleyway while talking on a cell phone.
The brown dog next to the swimming pool has a ball in its mouth.
A dog just fetched a ball
A man in a black cap and black coat looks down while standing next to a woman wearing a blue scarf and gray coat, whose hair is in her eyes.
A man has a light black cap.
A man is sitting outside next to fruit.
A man takes a break next to his freshly picked fruit.
A little boy watches a Ferris Wheel in motion.
A boy is waiting in line for the Ferris Wheel.
A little boy watches a Ferris Wheel in motion.
A boy attends a festival with rides.
Backside view of a South America street vendor tending to her upright oven with a second woman looking away.
Backside view of a South America street vendor happily tending to her oven.
A man in a blue helmet jumping off of a hill on a dirt bike.
The man is a professional athlete.
A man in an orange hat and brown jacket and pants running on snow in snowshoes.
a man running with snowshoes on the snow looking for the lost girl
Four motorcycles are racing on a dirt track.
they are at the grnad prix
A woman in a purple dress talks on her cellphone and a man reads a book as a two-story bus passes by outside their window.
a woman calls her kids
A cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard.
A new puppy is learning how to get the items it's owner wants.
Two elderly men having a conversation.
Two elderly men having a conversation at the park.
Two elderly men having a conversation.
Two elderly woman having a conversation with their children.
Two men in uniform hold up sign with young children.
Two men are holding up car wash signs with kids.
A balding man with a checkered shirt and khaki pants naps on his recliner with his keys on his lap.
A old man interact with his keys
Two girls are in line about to order at a Mexican eatery.
Two sad girls are in line about to order at a Mexican eatery.
Rugby player in blue dives to tackle the ball carrier in white.
A rugby player tackles an opponent whose about to win the game.
A young man is standing staring at something.
A young man is looking intently at a young woman.
A lady wearing a red and white polka dot swim cap is swimming in a pool.
Woman practices for a swim meet in a local pool.
A young girl is swimming in a pool.
The girl is practicing for a swim meet.
One woman with blond-hair smiles in the foreground while another prepares to blow a noisemaker in the background.
A tall person smiling
A woman dressed as Snow White walks with other girls in costume down a street.
A lady is about to attend a Halloween party.
A man is looking over a small cliff.
The cliff is near the ocean
A butterfly costumed girl waves at the crowd.
A butterfly costumed girl is standing on the stage.
Six women that are showing their nationality by holding a flag.
The women are Spanish
Woman standing on a ladder fixing letters on a theater sign, while one woman watches and one man stands nearby.
woman is putting up a new movie title
A young woman standing on a tall ladder is changing the display title on the front of an old movie theater.
The young woman works for the movie theater.
a body boarder is being dumped on the beach by a wave whilst other surfers are standing around in the water.
The surfers are pros.
A man is standing at a machine.
A man is standing at an ATM machine.
A man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway
A man and a woman are walking side by side down a narrow path underneath the stars.
A person floating on a river near a metropolitan area.
A man floating on a river near a metropolitan area.
A young boy falls off his skateboard into a pile of brown leaves in the road.
This is his first time skateboarding.
A chef mixes batter while showing a student instructions.
A chef with a tall hat is teaching a student.
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest.
The man is riding a 12-speed bike and wearing orange shirt and white shorts.
A mountain biker clad in protective gear clears a small dirt mound on a track while an audience watches.
A biker leaps over a clad at a mountain bike show.
Two men in yellow jackets and black pants have medals.
The men are very brave.
A blue uniformed rollerskater is struggling for the lead against a long-haired, tattooed and red uniformed rollerskater.
They are racing for a cash prize.
A young boy in a brown shirt and green shorts shares a laugh with an elderly lady wearing a black pants outfit.
A boy and a woman are laughing about a joke he told.
A woman holding a purse reaches up to grab the hands of a performer dressed as the statue of liberty wearing sunglasses.
A tourist is interacting with a New York City street performer on a sunny day.
Two men are on a cherry picker proceeding to perform work at a construction site.
Two construction workers on a cherry picker assisting other workers at a construction site.
A young boy wearing safety swimming gear and goggles is in a pool.
A child wears water wings while swimming.
A man sits as a man behind him washes a bus.
The boss is showing a man how to wash the bus while the worker relaxes and enjoys his duplicity.
Man on cellphone walking in front of silver car next to green grass.
The man is talking to his kid.
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by.
Some tall humans
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by.
The man is fixing the bike for his son.
A little girl and lady wearing face paint and costumes are among others holding orange balloons and an event.
A mom and her little girl are getting their faces painted at a local street fair and carnival.
A man wears a brightly colored ceremonial robe while holding a similarly colored cone shaped hat with a star on top.
He puts on his wizard robe and hat
A man wears a brightly colored ceremonial robe while holding a similarly colored cone shaped hat with a star on top.
The wizard casts a spell
A customer places his order at Quiznos while another customer looks on.
The second person in line is nosy.
A bald man in a red shirt and khaki shorts buys something from a woman wearing a visor in a store.
A man in khaki shorts is buying a snack.
A young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment.
There are people watching the skateboarder.
A young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment.
The man is upside down in the air.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
A bulldog running outdoors while his owners watch.
A young boy wearing blue pajamas and yellow glasses leaping into the air.
A boy excited before bedtime.
A man in a fleece jacket works with a piece of tin.
A man is wearing a brown jacket.
A large tan dog is rolling around on its back in a yard of grass.
A dog is having fun on a sunny day.
Young people in uniform are playing in a rugby game.
One person is kicking the rugby ball down the field.
a man in a tan shirt is standing at the kitchen counter looking at food.
A man standing at a kitchen counter looking at food that he made.
An athlete on the Slough Jets hockey team is skating on an ice rink with a hockey stick equipped.
A hockey player warming up in the rink.
Four black teenagers are playing basketball inside a gymnasium while another one watches.
Four teenagers practicing for a basketball game.
View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net
A soccer ball spin dramatically past the goalie.
Two people in a dense jungle area with trees and grass everywhere.
A couple are looking for their lost dog.
Men are running and jumping and twisting in the air as a crowd of people watches.
Men perform gymnastics tricks at a live show.
Several men dressed in Renaissance outfits.
Tall humans in outfits
A man drawing pictures of individuals sits under an umbrella with previous works such as justin beiber around him.
an artist works
The girl in yellow shorts and white jacket has a tennis ball in her left pocket.
A girl about to play tennis
A couple of travelers in a train station.
Some travelers are at a train station waiting for their train to arrive.
A person on a motorcycle.
a man on a motorcycle
Two people are in the ocean.
The people swim in the ocean.
Three different women having fun with a toy in the living-room.
Three women play with their children's leftover Christmas toys.
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
A man is walking a brown dog
A young man is having his dreadlocks cutoff by a woman with scissors.
The young man is at a barber shop.
The lady carrying the big bag is walking under the trees in bloom.
A lady is carrying a big bag of flowers.
A girl in black shorts pushing a bike down the street.
A female in dark shorts is tiredly pushing her mode of transportation down the road.
A man and woman, she's dressed all in white, he has a white shirt, holding hands while walking
A husband and wife hold hands.
The young woman wearing a striped pink shirt is approaching the stone-block stairs.
A young woman comes towards the steps to her apartment
The young woman wearing a striped pink shirt is approaching the stone-block stairs.
A woman prepares to ascend the stairs
Small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball.
A pee-wee football team at practice
An old man wrapped in a gray cloth sitting against a wall.
An old man sits against a wall, watching the people walk by.
An old man wrapped in a gray cloth sitting against a wall.
An old man is outdoors.
Scene from a life show with man singing in the center, there are two women one on each side of him.
There is a play going on.
A baby in a bathrobe waits for his shower.
A baby is waiting for his mother to give him a shower.
A little boy in a bathrobe sits on a bench near the shower in a bathroom.
The bench is cold.
A woman soaks her feet in a natural pool in a landscape of rocks, with green covered tents in the background.
A woman is camping
A young women dips her feet into a natural spring in an outdoor setting.
A college aged woman is sitting by a spring.
A male in a black hat, brown jacket and black and white sports pants reading a newspaper next to an aged stone building with a bike out front.
the male is a black man
A female is looking through a microscope.
A female looking at a cell specimen
A group of black children, huddled around a white soldier, they are all clapping.
The children celebrate with the soldier who had just rescued them.
a child is playing with a green, white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground.
a sad child is playing with a green, white and red spinning toy that turning on the ground.
A Jockey in a blue helmet, red shirt and white pants is riding a race horse with "sparkasse" signs in the background.
A jockey is riding a race horse in the Kentucky Derby.
Young man in a red hat, gray shirt, and jeans, performs a trick in the air with his skateboard.
The young man has a hunters hat on.
A girl in green looks at the camera and stands in front of a huge crowd of indescript faces.
A girl looks in front of her mothers camera
A dark colored man receives felicitations from a white colored woman which is seen by another white colored man.
A man just got married or engaged and a lady is congratulating him
A dark colored man receives felicitations from a white colored woman which is seen by another white colored man.
The man is wearing pants.
Several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags.
The men are racing their horses to the finish line
Three men and two women stand facing the ocean from the shore on a sunny day.
People stand in the ocean waves.
A costumed man stands tall above a crowd of his contemporaries in the midst of a party in a white room, furnished with overhead lights and a gray-scale painting on the wall behind him.
Someone is having some fun.
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands.
a woman nibbles peanuts from her hand
A woman in black pants is looking at her cellphone.
a younger woman is looking at her phone
A child dressed in blue jeans with rolled cuffs and a pink hoodie waits outdoors at the foot of the stairs with an axe.
A child waits by the stairs of a haunted house.
They are sitting on the edge of a fountain
The fountain is splashing the persons seated.
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
A black and white husky prepares to catch a Frisbee.
A group of men riding bicycles in a line.
The men riding for pleasure.
A shirtless man is cooking on an outdoor grill.
Someone is grilling burgers.
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it.
The boy is doing tricks with his bike.
A person is riding his bicycle and is flying through the air on it.
The boy can do a double flip on his bike.
Three young girls are walking hand in hand in a crowd of people.
A group of girls try to make their way through the crowd at a concert.
A small girl learning to fold some clothes.
A girl is folding clothes to pack in a suitcase for vacation.
A little girl in a pink Dora shirt with a pink hat on and a pink lei around her neck is cleaning some rocks with a toothbrush in a white plastic tub.
The girl has brown hair.
People standing near trash bags outside.
People wait for the trash collectors.
Three women and a man interacting on the street.
A group of people having a conversation at a festival.
There are three ladies dress in blue stand cheering.
Some women are cheering at a football game.
Three middle-age women are on a stage, one singing and the other two cheerleading in blue uniforms.
All of the women are wearing tracksuits.
Three middle-age women are on a stage, one singing and the other two cheerleading in blue uniforms.
The older women are singing.
Two men, one kneeling and one squatting, are posing in front of a clear wall with shops in the background.
There are two men posing for a photgraphy stunt.
A smiling baby wearing a striped shirt, held by a woman with gray hair.
The baby is happy because he is with his grandmother.
A lady in a black shirt is standing in a crowd with a rolled up piece of paper in her hands.
The lady in a black shirt has a piece of paper filled with lyrics in her hands.
A group of people are sitting at a table having a meal.
A group of people are having a meal and having are sharing funny stories with one another.
A clerk at a store is idling a waiting for next customer.
Clerk waits in checkout line at Walmart.
A man and woman stand facing each other, the man holding an instrument and the woman holding a piece of paper.
The duo are singing a song.
A graying man with glasses is standing in back of a barber's chair in a seemingly empty barber shop.
A barber is waiting for customers in his shop.
A group of men in fatigues eat at a fast food restaurant.
There is a group of men who are all friends.
Race team in black t-shirt service their red and white car.
The team is racing a race.
Eight women in bright dresses, embracing themselves, dance on stage while looking up at the camera.
They are ballerinas.
A lady siting on the ground cutting decorating out a white sheet.
The woman is a designer
A man is carrying a child on his shoulders.
The child is smiling.
Two little girls on a hot summer day playing in a swimming pool.
The girl is wearing a bikini.
A team of people on a bike race.
The person in blue is winning.
Some people standing outside next to a flower vendor and across the street from a McDonald's on a rainy day.
The people are at a market.
A girl in a blue shirt leaps into the air.
The girl is in a ballet performance.
A skier slaloms by a red flag.
A skier took a great risk.
A skier slaloms by a red flag.
A skier slaloms by a red flag and viwed by public.
A schoolgirl wearing a white dress, blue-striped knee socks, a blue tie, and braids, smiles in front of a line of her classmates.
A line of schoolchildren preparing to board a bus after their field trip.
A little baby is sitting on the ground with his hands in a cup.
The baby is playing with the cup.
A young Asian woman wearing modern clothing leans against a cast iron fence in front of a brick building.
This lady is waiting for her father.
A girls sports team putting their hands in a circle to do a bonding cheer.
Cheerleaders doing a cheer
A child is reaching up to the counter using a step stool.
The child is trying to reach some candy.
A woman smiling while on a bicycle.
A woman is smiling on her bicycle as cars drive past her.
A person in a red hat with a huge backpack going hiking.
The person might be going on an adventure.
A person in a red hat with a huge backpack going hiking.
The person is in a hat has a big bag while walking on a tough terrain.
Two women wearing black t-shirts are sitting in the grass.
2 women chat together on the grass at a park
Several women with long hair and mini-dresses walk together.
A group of ladies leaves the hair salon.
A girl in a red and white uniform tagging out a girl in a black uniform and helmet during a competitive game of softball.
Two girls from rival teams are participating in a softball game.
A street scene of people on scooters.
The scooters are electric.
Three motorcyclists are racing on dirt bikes.
People are racing dirt bikes in Ohio.
Three motor-cross bike racers in a competition.
Three people are racing bikes for a prize.
A man holds a sign outside a hotel that reads "Ok Ok Ok, I need money for beer, pot and a hooker."
The man is homeless.
A group of men walks next to train tracks that are covered in snow.
Some workers walk near the tracks.
A child climbing a rock.
A small child is climbing a rock to see what's on the other side.
A man wearing a tan hat and shirt, an orange safety vest, and dark glasses gestures towards a nearby car.
The car honks its horn.
A small crowd of people gathered together watching activity occurring in front of them.
The people are outside
A group of people, men, women and children gathered around a table stacked with merchandise.
There are products on the furniture.
A group of people, men, women and children gathered around a table stacked with merchandise.
People are picking out the items they want.
A crowd of people are looking at various items for sale on top of a table at an outdoor event.
A crowd of people are going shopping at their local spring festival.
People crowded around toys on a table.
People are looking at something.
People crowded around toys on a table.
People are in the middle of the Christmas rush.
A woman with a beautiful dress and matching umbrella is walking down the street carrying a purse on her arm.
She is on her way to work.
A man and a woman repairing something.
A couple work together to repair their television set.
A woman in a blue shirt stands with her hands on her hips.
The woman in the blue shirt is looking at paintings in a museum.
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps.
A man owns a blue bicycle.
A man grabs the spokes of his bicycle while he jumps.
A man owns a bicycle.
A cyclists rides up a hill amid cheering bystanders.
The cyclist is in a bicycle race.
A man in a black, white, and red uniform is holding yellow ski poles and racing or preparing to race.
A man prepares for his event in the olympics.
A girl wearing a teal shirt smiles while holding a piece of paper, with the other side held by someone standing off-camera.
A girl holds a piece of colored paper.
Racing on wet road while man hangs on back.
racing on a wet road at night.
A woman with a red scarf is juggling oranges.
The woman is juggling to practice for the talent show.
A person performs a snowboarding trick on a rail as a man crouches down to get a better view.
The man tries to learn how the person performs the snowboarding trick.
three children are locked in a cage.
The children are all boys.
People are camping in a group.
The people are on a family camping trip.
A woman at a campground.
A woman out in the forest.
Two people in a field looking off-camera.
Two people are taking baby announcement photos.
Two women are riding motorized bicycles through a street.
Women are trying to drive home.
A woman in a white t-shirt points at a geyser.
The lady is watching tv in her white T shirt and points at the geyser on the TV.
A woman in a white t-shirt points at a geyser.
The women points her daughter to the geyser.
Black man singing with microphone
The man is performing at a concert
A group of people dressed in formal wear pose for a picture.
Wedding party portrait with bride and groom.
Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field.
The dog is practicing balancing on one leg.
A group of dancers with green shirts are all holding hands in a circle, one lady has a white shirt.
A group of dancers is about to dance for a school competition
A group of dancers with green shirts are all holding hands in a circle, one lady has a white shirt.
A group of dancers are preparing
A young girl sits on a blue bench drinking out of a straw.
A girl is drinking through a straw on a humid day.
A man with blond-hair and tattoos strolls behind bleachers on the cellphone.
A man has an intimate conversation on a cellphone behind bleachers.
A man with blond-hair and tattoos strolls behind bleachers on the cellphone.
A man talks to a friend under the bleachers.
Three women on a stage, one wearing red shoes, black pants, and a gray shirt is sitting on a prop, another is sitting on the floor, and the third wearing a black shirt and pants is standing, as a gentleman in the back tunes an instrument.
They are preparing for a play.
Four people in a kitchen
Four people in a kitchen cooking a meal at a restaurant.
A man with an orange jacket, takes the photo of four women, and a man in a greenish yellow suite.
A photographer is taking pictures of people for a sports magazine.
A young child is looking at a commuter train station from the train seat.
The child is wearing black.
Two blond girls and 2 brunettes walking down a really long hallway with intricate paintings on the walls.
Four people are looking at paintings of dogs.
The girl is swinging on a rope over a small pond.
A girl is swinging toward the water to jump in.
A man in a black shirt is standing behind a blue SUV.
An old person is next to a car.
A black and brown dog attempts to catch a red ball in its mouth.
A dog is playing catch outside.
A dog owner is running along side his pet while the pet avoids obstacles on a course.
The man and dog are in a competition.
A woman on vacation enjoying a vanilla ice cream cone.
A woman is eating ice cream on the beach.
The brightly dressed middle eastern women are conversing in the market.
The women are friendly
A large elderly woman in a green stripy dress is carrying shopping bags along a cobbled street.
a obese woman walks home
A man standing in a stairwell with a green strip on the wall.
A man is waiting for his friend to catch up.
A man pulls a bicycle-driven cart through a city alley.
A man is in an urban location.
A man pulls a bicycle-driven cart through a city alley.
A man is pulling his ice cream cart.
Woman singing on stage in front of backup dancers
A tall person singing
Speakers in a room full of people sitting in chairs.
There is a very loud concert going on.
People riding an old looking trolley.
The trolley makes a rickety noise while moving.
Three woman are standing in a room.
Three sad woman are standing in a room.
A man walking towards the open sea.
Man is going for a swim.
A race car speeding on the track.
A race car is winning the race.
A red and white race car rounds the curve on a racing track.
The cars are going around a curve and can see the finish line.
A lone red, white, and black race car is being driven by a single driver on a racetrack.
car making a lap of the ground
A man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood.
The man waved at the camera for the photographer.
Young girl playing with chocolate milk powder.
She ate the chocolate milk poweder unmixed
Seated street musician in black derby plays wind instrument with no one listening or watching.
The man is playing Clarinet.
Seated street musician in black derby plays wind instrument with no one listening or watching.
The man sitting down is a musician.
Two children are diving side by side into a river.
Two children are diving off a high rock into a small river.
A black girl and white girl walking hand and hand in a busy area of a city with a public train in the background.
Two girls walk through downtown.
A black girl and white girl walking hand and hand in a busy area of a city with a public train in the background.
Some kids take public transit.
People working together to plant flowers.
People are planting lilacs.
A lone man sitting in a large decorated area.
A man is sitting and reading.
A small group of adults and children are in a room with large glass windows and using rolling pins.
The group of people are rolling dough with their rolling pins for their pies.
A group of people wearing light blue shirts and dark blue pants moving around all together.
A flash mob performs an impromptu dance.
A man drags a young boy in swim trunks into the surf at what appears to be a beach in a tropical location.
A man is teaching a boy how to swim.
A boy with a concerned look it holding up two newspapers featuring a headline about murder.
A boy is wearing a shirt and holding paper.
This man is trying to make his wife laugh by blowing bubbles in the bathtub.
There is a man imitating a fish by blowing bubbles in the bathtub.
Four construction workers, wearing neon vests, stand at a construction site along with some equipment.
The four construction workers are working on a high rise building.
A man in black is crossing the road.
He is running.
A young boy is bowling for one pin with a ball outside, while 3 other people are in the background.
A young boy is bowling in a tournament.
Two men not wearing any pants are sitting next to each other, both reading, on public transportation.
The two men are wearing swimshorts.
A woman sitting with two men hugging.
A group of friends are getting coffee together.
Blue race car raises dust cloud on road as spectators take photos.
A race at a dirt track.
Spray obscures the face and torso of the paddle wielding man in the red kayak.
A man is going down a river in a kayak.
Military woman using a microscope.
A female military scientist looking through a microscope.
A group of people walking across the street some carrying large black and red flags.
Some people walking across the street holding large flags are part of a parade.
A middle-aged Asian woman is standing behind a counter preparing food.
A middle-aged Asian lady is cooking dumplings.
Several people prepare their stalls that consist of fish, vegetables and fruits for the public eye.
a bunch of people wait in stalls
Several people prepare their stalls that consist of fish, vegetables and fruits for the public eye.
a farmers market is about to open
A group of four people are standing in the ocean next to a jet ski while a man close by fishes.
The family is having an outing at the beach.
A person in gray snowboarding down a hill.
The snowboarder is a man.
A man rows a small dingy laden with green plants on a river.
A man is rowing fast.
A small boy purchases vegetables from an older man.
A boy buys tomatoes and broccoli from a man.
A young man with a blue hoodie sweatshirt that says New York across the front, sings into a microphone in front of a crowd of people.
The young man is adored by the crowd.
Man waters plants as woman in orange shirt walks by.
The man is wearing pants.
A child in green winter clothes is holding his or her hand up while two other children look at him or her.
The children are outside in the cold.
Worker sawing a large fish with a band saw.
Workers are preparing their dinner meal
Three people on bicycles, pedaling down the side of a road, with a jeep following them.
A jeep is riding behind cyclists to time them.
Two women kickboxing, the woman wearing red is blocking a kick from the other smirking woman wearing blue.
The women are rivals.
A young boy wearing blue shorts is splashing is a blue kiddie pool.
The young boy is being supervised by his mom.
A woman wearing a blue hairnet and apron talks over her shoulder as she grasps a plastic pitcher.
She is working in a school cafeteria.
A woman wearing a blue hairnet and apron talks over her shoulder as she grasps a plastic pitcher.
The woman woman wearing the hairnet is getting her hair done at the salon.
Horses jumping a hurdle in a race.
Horses are jumping over a hurdle in the last race of the day.
Two asian kids are playing with a very large tree branch.
A couple of kids are playing in the forest.
Two asian kids are playing with a very large tree branch.
Some kids are playing in the backyard.
A man wearing a black t-shirt is preparing a meal following directions from a recipe book.
The t-shirt is moldy.
Man in green vest directing traffic in snowy conditions, pedestrians standing on the sidelines.
A man is volunteering
Two men making dance moves as a woman films the event in the living room of a house or apartment.
The men are wearing jeans.
A woman in a dark blue, and white sweater, walks with her son, down a street.
A mom and son walking the streets searching for his dad passed out in a gutter.
Performers wearing bright robes, one with a long necklace and some masks.
The people are in a play
A mountain biker rides up a hill on a red bicycle.
The biker rode up the hill towards his friend.
A smiling child is standing behind a tree.
A child is playing hide and seek.
Man biking in half pipe with graffiti on cement.
Man biking with his friends in half pipe with graffiti on cement.
A man riding a bicycle on pavement with graffiti.
The man is in a race
A maintenance worker walking past a statue.
man looking at a statue
Some people are playing ping-pong.
Some people are playing professional ping-pong
Brunette man play saxophone in a busy outdoor shopping center as people look on, he wears a camouflage jacket and saxophone is gold.
A man playing a gold saxophone in New York City.
A man wearing a black jacket plays on his smartphone, while the little girl next to him wearing a scarf and blue jacket reads a book.
The person owns an iPhone.
A man in a bicycle is passing through a house with blue doors.
A man is biking to work.
Two men, and one girl are wearing life jackets and swimming in the water.
Three people participate in a water rescue class.
a group of people are wearing costumes
People are going to a Halloween party.
A man is laying down on grass near trees and a hose.
A man is taking a nap outside.
A small tan dog jumping out of the water
the dog is having fun
This lady had a lot of freckles.
The freckles are all over the bridge of her nose.
Two dogs swimming.
Two dogs chasing a stick in the lake.
Young women on a retreat.
There are women at a yoga retreat.
A crowd of people are sitting in seats in a sports ground bleachers.
The crowd of people are asian.
A little girl is walking over a path of numbers.
The girl is outside.
A little girl is walking over a path of numbers.
She is playing hopscotch.
A racing motorcycle rider has fallen off his bike and is sliding on the ground while another rider is driving behind.
The rider is wearing a helmet.
A group of kids sitting around a table while another person holds a circle blocking out light.
The kids are playing a card game.
a lone motorcyclist jumping through the air in front of a large crowd.
The man is wearing a helmet.
A pale dog runs down a path.
A dog is running towards his owner
A man and woman sit on a park bench with a set of newlyweds behind.
A mother an father posing for wedding pictures with the newlyweds.
A woman in a kitchen holds a can surrounded by bowls.
The woman is cooking dinner.
man wearing a harmonica playing the guitar and singing
A great man making music.
Two construction workers sitting around a hole with a third construction worker in it.
Workers are fixing a sewage leak.
A clown making a balloon animal for a pretty lady.
A clown showing off for a lady he has a crush on.
A girl is throwing a football on the beach.
A girl is on the beach with friends.
a bearded man takes a nap.
A large bearded man takes a nap on a bench.
A black woman balancing a large platter on her head that has many bagged items on it.
A woman carrying her groceries home
A young girl throws sand toward the ocean.
The girl can't stand the ocean
Older lady checking out her goods at the check-out counter.
A woman is buying goods for a party.
Older lady checking out her goods at the check-out counter.
A woman is out shopping.
A dog is running through an obstacle course in front of a group of people.
A dog is competing in a contest
A cabin shot of a very crowded airplane
The airplane is in the sky.
Three people on a beach.
The people are wearing shorts.
Three men stand on the beach, fully clothed.
Three men by the ocean.
Three men stand on the beach, fully clothed.
Three men by the beach in the rain.
A man in his 30's is sitting on a curb of a busy sidewalk, dressed in a furry green costume.
The man just lost his job playing Oscar the Grouch at Sesame Place because he kicked a child.
A couple of friends have a drink.
Two men are at a bar.
A pedestrian adjusting shoes and accessories.
The pedestrian is out for a nice walk.
A woman in red shorts is writing on a tablet.
A woman is taking notes.
A woman in red shorts is writing on a tablet.
A woman is writing a letter to her mother.
A girl with a balloon animal in her left hand looks up as a person on stilts leans down to show the girl something.
Someone is showing a girl something at the circus.
A race cars muffler catches on fire.
The car was sabotaged
A person is kneeling between two horses
A kneeling cowboy and two of the wild horses he just caught drink from a pool of water.
A blond guitarist, dressed all in black, performs.
A person is performing for a screaming audience of fans.
A man and a woman stare at the skyline.
The man and woman are holding hands.
A band performs beneath colorful stage lights, the bass player singing into the microphone while the guitarist and drummer play in the background.
a group of metal musicians play hardcore music
A lady dances in a polka dot dress and a head of flowers with a fan clasped in her hand while others are looking in a different direction with two men holding onto a ladder and others discussing.
A woman dances while a group of people purposely ignore her.
Young lady during a performance of modern dance.
The young lady is working out.
Young lady during a performance of modern dance.
The lady is asian.
A young man with a plain shirt looking down, with a band and dancing people behind him.
A man performing in a play looks down at the audiance as the band and dancers move in the background.
A group of people walk up a ramp on a cloudy day.
The people are walking up the ramp to a store.
Man working behind a watch repair booth on the street.
A man is painting the outside of a watch repair booth.
A group at an outdoor party includes a man wearing camouflage pants with neon orange boots and suspenders.
The group is wearing bright clothing.
A band of people playing brass instruments is performing outside.
A jazz funeral is taking place.
A man in a red shirt is curled up on pavement outdoors.
a man curled on the pavement because he is injured
Four women in front of Odeon wear similar black, pink and white superman type shirts and jean skirts.
Four women are looking at their cellphones while the wait in a long line.
A man in a black hoodie watching a man in a red cap.
The man in the black hoodie is a robber.
A bridal party assembles outside a stone building.
A bridal party gets together outside a stone building during the weekend.
Two men kayaking on the ocean near the shore while they fish.
There are two men in shallow water in kayaks.
The person is standing in the doorway beneath the tree.
There is a salesman at the door.
The Rockettes perform on the street in front of Radio City Music Hall, as well as next to a cop car.
The performance was exiting.
A man hanging outside with a rope harness paints a structure's exterior wall with blue paint.
A man painting his father in-laws home.
A woman dressed in a black sweater, blue jeans, and golden high heel boots is looking a merchandise in a storefront window.
A woman is standing in store.
A woman dressed in a black sweater, blue jeans, and golden high heel boots is looking a merchandise in a storefront window.
A woman is window shopping for purses.
A group of young men are raking lives in front of a home.
The men are tired
A woman, whose face can only be seen in a mirror, is applying eyeliner in a dimly lit room.
A woman is getting ready for her performance in the dressing room.
A group of men are playing basketball as the sun sets.
A couple men are on a basketball court.
A group of men are playing basketball as the sun sets.
There are two men with a basketball.
Torch-bearing runner, about to be photographed by onlooker, enjoys the smiles and shouts of the crowd.
The runner is an olympian.
This boy is in deep concentration playing a game of ping-pong.
The boy crossed several levels by playing with sincerity and full concentration
Four girls and a lady learning how to do some crafts.
Crafts are being done poorly.
A group of people play a game in the road.
people playing a game on a hot summer day
A redheaded woman walking across the street.
A woman is walking towards her car.
Two Asian women talking and having drinks at a small round table.
Two ladies are having lunch on the restaurant patio.
Two ladies are sitting in the restaurant talking and laughing.
Sisters have their weekly lunch together.
An elderly woman crafts a design on a loom.
The woman is a seamstress.
An elderly woman crafts a design on a loom.
The woman is sewing.
A group of people engaged in some sort of outdoor gathering or ritual.
People gathering to pray for a friend.
A small group of young black men, some in traditional African dress, are assembled outdoors.
They are performing a religious ceremony.
Two men dressed in identical white jackets with green numbers and logo are studying something on a cellphone with great interest, while other men, identically dressed and standing in a group with these two, are interested in something to their right.
Three men in matching jackets are standing together, one looking at a nearby person, the other two looking at a phone.
A busy kitchen preparing for the afternoon rush.
They are cooking.
A busy kitchen preparing for the afternoon rush.
They are making lunch.
Chef's working in a kitchen.
The chef is world-famous, and is trying out new recipes to possibly include in her next cookbook.
A man wearing a pink shirt and wearing glasses crouching down in front of a basket of clothing at the laundromat.
He is wearing red shorts.
A black dog leaps from the water near a wooded shoreline
dog leaping from a snake
Three people in t-shirt, yellow helmets and harnesses begin to climb ladder.
Three people climb a ladder to rescue soemone.
A boy on a skateboard ramp.
The boy is doing a skateboard trick
Two people sitting on a bench by the water with a dog.
Two people are enjoying a day with their dog
A man is playing with a baby on a deck.
A man plays with his son.
A woman is holding a dog on a leash in front of a small pier.
The little dog is restrained by the woman holding the leash
A woman is holding a dog on a leash in front of a small pier.
The woman holds the leash to prevent the little dog chasing the cat
A man on stage holds a hello kitty guitar and looks to the right of the picture.
The man is performing in a concert.
A street filled with people walking and riding bikes.
A market street filled with people walking and riding bikes.
Two men and one woman are performing music on a stage.
Musicians are spreading their passion on stage
A group of people on the beach with cameras.
People are on a beach in Oregon.
A mother pushing a stroller and holding the hand of a toddler.
There is a baby girl in the stroller.
A man in a beanie doing a bike trick.
The man is upside down.
Two people here are wearing something around their necks.
Two women have scarves on.
Man reading a book while working as a street vendor.
A man reads a book about sports while working.
Man reading a book while working as a street vendor.
A man takes a break from his job to read.
Seagulls are flying above the crashing waves.
The seagulls are trying to find a place to land after the huge storm.
People are talking to a camera crew with video and microphone.
People are talking to the camera crew on the street.
A group of women observe as two men attempt to fix their bikes.
Three women observe as several men attempt to fix bikes.
A young boy with his mum going home after playing toy games.
A child is with his mum and crying.
A father with a red shirt and beard is cuddling with his two children in a chair.
A father reads to his children, as they slowly doze off.
A man holding his two adorable babies.
A man is holding his babies while posing for a picture.
Woman dressed in red holding two fans, one red and one black.
There is a woman dressed in red that is warm and fanning herself
Woman dressed in red holding two fans, one red and one black.
A woman in red is trying to give away fans
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
The dogs are both brown.
A man in a black shirt holds a smiling baby while another person in a blue shirt stands in the foreground.
A wife holds the baby while her husband stands nearby.
A man in blue with a black hat with a dog leaping at him in a park-like setting.
A man in a black hat spending time with his dog beneth tree in a park.
Elderly woman with green sweater picking out produce in outdoor market.
The lady is buying some avocados and lettuces
A man cooks chicken on the grill, while others enjoy food in the background.
A man in a chef hat cooks chicken on a red grill, while other men are eating and giving thumbs up in the background.
A group of people standing on rafts with a waterfall in the background.
A group of people standing on blue and white rafts.
Two people are walking up a mountain.
Two sad people are walking up a mountain.
A woman in a striped shirt posing for the camera while another woman holding a drink looks on.
The woman is posing for a magazine.
A man wearing a horned hat poses for a picture.
A man wearing a horned hat smiles and poses for a photograph
While drinking a coupe of Red Stripe beers, a man with a gray t-shirt speaks to another man wearing a blue button up shirt.
A man is drinking at a social gathering
Woman sitting at a park bench reading a book.
The woman is waiting on a friend.
Children with painted red faces being sprayed with water, on grass.
The children are playing a game.
A man selling or buying oranges on a cart in an outside supermarket.
A man is outside on a cloudy day in front of a store.
A man selling or buying oranges on a cart in an outside supermarket.
A man is conducting business outside of a store.
A young girl wearing a blue, flowered, spaghetti strap dress is eating marshmallows on a stick while sitting in a bucket of water.
a silly girl plays near a water bucket
A man in a hat is riding a motorized skateboard.
The skateboarder is wearing a hat on a cold day.
Two children feeding horses through a fence.
Children are feeding a horse getting ready to ride them.
A man drives a motorcycle, with a woman in an orange sari and a young girl in a blue dress riding in the backseat.
The man is taking his wife and daughter on a motorcycle trip.
A male musician is playing guitar for a show on stage.
Man putting on a show for his ex girlfriend
A marching band of kids while at a rodeo.
The kids are playing a song.
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it.
A young man is working on the electrical wiring for a new factory.
A young man is using gloves to control a device with wires in it.
A gloved young man is controlling the remote for an RC car.
A woman is holding a cake frosted with chocolate-colored frosting and decorated with orange and yellow stars in front of a boy with blond-hair.
A woman has baked a chocolate frosted cake for the boys birthday.
A man in a green shirt playing drums.
The man is a drum instructor.
A person in a blue shirt and tan shorts getting ready to roll a bowling ball down the alley.
The person is enjoying an evening bowling.
A woman in a white dress with one leg stops to read a poster.
A woman in a white dress had her leg amputated and has stopped to read a poster showing a wheelchair.
Soccer players dressed in bright blue and white uniforms are jumping in the air.
Soccer players are jumping in the air after their big win.
A smiling young man is standing indoors with his left foot on a blue-wheeled child's scooter and his right foot on a yellow-wheeled child's scooter.
The young man is standing on his scooter and his little brothers scooter simultaneously.
A young man in a green sweatshirt holds a young boy with a blue backpack and a yellow sweatshirt in front of a run-down building.
A man is holding a young boy.
A young man in a green sweatshirt holds a young boy with a blue backpack and a yellow sweatshirt in front of a run-down building.
The man is showing his son where he grew up.
A couple dancing alfresco dressed in turquoise tops, the lady is held up in the air with her hands stretched upwards.
Tall people dancing
A man speaking or singing into a microphone while playing the piano.
A man is giving a piano lesson.
A man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings.
A man is playing whose is in a band is playing an electric guitar.
A girl wearing a maroon shirt leaps into the air while in the woods.
A girl leaps up to pick a fruit from a tree in the woods.
Three workers bent over pulling grass.
Three workers slowly bent over
Three workers bent over pulling grass.
Three workers bent over backwards
A person is sitting in front of three blue and white port-o-potties with a mop propped against them.
The person is paid to clean them.
A woman is cutting something with scissors.
A woman cuts her clothes to ribbons.
A woman lies on a bed with a red, orange, and blue striped comforter crumpled up next to her.
A woman wakes up.
A japanese person with bleached blond-hair set in a design with spikes, wearing a black leather jacket.
The biker in black leather has spiky blond hair.
A man wearing a white shirt and black shorts in competing in pole vault.
a man is competing in the olympics
Six workers are working on the train tracks.
Six workers are completing repair on a train track.
A little boy is kneeling on the floor, scribbling with an orange and blue crayon on a paper, at a little table with the arm of a man resting on the table.
a boy is coloring for a man
A man sits beside parked cars on a city street.
A man is sitting on a bench.
an middle eastern man in a white robe is sitting on a wooden bench with his shoes off.
a muslim sits on a bench
A man in a black shirt is working out in a gym, while a woman behind him is on a treadmill.
A married couple exercises together.
A little girl sitting in a small body of water, with sand and beach toys surrounding her.
The girl is about to play with some friends.
A little girl sitting in a small body of water, with sand and beach toys surrounding her.
The girl is at a theme park.
A young boy in a cowboy hat and holding some food sits in the back of a small vehicle while an adult leans over in the background next to a large blue device displaying the words 99% Angel.
A young boy in a cowboy hat is holding a hamburger.
A man and a woman dressed in semi-formal attire show faces of excitement looking over a table with Jenga blocks scattered over it.
They are going to an opera.
Four people with shopping carts full of bags.
A group of people just went grocery shopping
A man in a wetsuit surfing.
The surboard the man is on is yellow.
A woman wearing a black shirt with a cigarette in her right hand is smiling at the camera.
The woman is modeling for a commercial.
A man, wearing yellow, is riding a bike in the woods.
A deer passes by the man as he rode his bike into the woods.
A man, wearing yellow, is riding a bike in the woods.
The man was curious to see what was in the woods.
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog.
A brown dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another brown dog.
A dog with a red object in its mouth is hurrying down a smooth path near grass and another dog.
A black and white dog is running across a field.
A dog runs along the shore of a pond with two elegant geese swimming.
A dog runs along a pond attempting to catch to elegant geese swimming.
A man playing a sport in a green uniform holding a paddle over his head.
A man is playing a sport in a stadium
Seven children all jump as the photo is taken.
They are on a trampoline.
Stretching before roller derby.
Some people are stretching before a competition.
Stretching before roller derby.
A woman is stretching by doing the splits.
A light colored dog splashes through the water.
The dog is swimming to its owner.
A man snowboards.
A boy is snowboarding down a large hill.
A man in a light colored uniform is outside an Asian restaurant cleaning the display window which features exotic foods hanging on hooks.
A man has a light blue colored uniform.
Young man engraves Arabic writing into a stone.
Young man is engraving into a stone while his family looks on.
A little girl in a pink jacket is walking.
The girl is walking to her parents.
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass.
A dog returns a stick to its owner.
A man wearing large snowshoes runs inside of a seemingly crowded ski resort.
A man is late for a meeting with his wife.
A woman, wearing a dress, while sitting down playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone.
The woman is at a concert.
Two young men play trumpet in traditional mariachi dress.
Two young men wearing traditional mariachi dress are playing the trumpet on a stage in front of a crowd.
A man providing entertainment on the sidewalk by playing the violin.
A man is entertaining a crowd by playing classical music on the sidewalk
People work diligently on there computers at their desks.
Inside the office building several people composed articles on their computers
Two young girls dressed in pink reach into wishing fountain at mall.
Girls try to get back the money they threw into the fountain.
A guy wearing a black shirt and gray pants pushing his shopping cart past a candy aisle of a Walmart.
An old man is buying some chocolate.
A young boy is pushing someone with a broken foot into the hospital.
The person got hurt playing basketball.
A girl in a child's swimming pool.
A girl playing water polo in the pool.
a dog carries a large stick through the field.
The stick is brown
Two men are on a boat trying to fish for food during a sunset.
Tall humans trying to fish.
Three men handling a net on the seashore.
Group of men trying to catch fish with a fishing net.
A girl in black is sitting on the ledge of a balcony, and she is speaking with a group of chefs.
The group of chefs that happened to be passing by attempting to talk a girl dressed in black on the ledge of a balcony into not jumping.
The people ride down the road on sleds.
The sleds slide easily on the powdery snow
A crowd of people in a lightly snow covered opening with trees to the left and buildings in the background.
The people are wearing heavy jackets.
Two men sitting on horses one wearing a cowboy hat, the other in a baseball cap, with a big tree behind them.
The men are practicing riding for a movie they are going to be in.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A dog chasing a squirrel in the snow.
A man wearing padded arm protection is being bitten by a German shepherd dog.
A man is being bitten by a dog while walking.
Santa Claus being photographed at a holiday media event.
Santa is photographed with a young child at a holiday media event.
Santa Claus being photographed at a holiday media event.
Santa Claus is the center of attention as usual.
A boy wearing a yellow jersey is accepting the baton from a female wearing a yellow jersey in a relay race.
A boy being handed a baton by his mother in a race.
people walking to a special place.
People are walking to a special place only they know about.
A crowd of people in colorful dresses.
All of the people in the photo are women.
A young child is being held by another child looking straight at us.
The child is a toddler.
A couple of peace corp workers are helping a black kid dig.
The peace corp people are helping the black kid dig a hole to find gold.
Javelin competition
The woman one the javelin competition.
Javelin competition
The javelin competition was cancelled due to rain.
A group of people in white sports outfits are gathered together while one of them performs a dance.
The group is gathered to take turns performing a ritual dance.
A small dark-haired boy climbing in a large tree.
A small dark-haired boy wearing a blue shirt is climbing in a large tree with a tree house in it.
A group of Indian young women and girls are bathing at the edge of a pool with their dry clothes and a building in the background.
A small family unit is bathing at a pool.
Seven women stand and sit around a waters edge and one of them women sitting in the middle with her bare feet in the water drinks from a water bottle.
The water bottle contains soda.
Seven women stand and sit around a waters edge and one of them women sitting in the middle with her bare feet in the water drinks from a water bottle.
The women are on a cruise having a good time.
Two men, one in a gray tattered suit and the other in a brown shirt, are looking down.
Two  people are looking down from the roof.
Group of men post on the stairway of an old house.
Men are waiting for a party at an old house.
A woman in a college t-shirt walking quickly carrying two shopping bags.
A college student is carrying bags.
a cat sits alone in dry grass.
A cat waits for a mouse.
A man stands on the sidewalk near a lamp post as well as a pillar forming part of an edifice.
The man is tired.
A girl and a guy biking down a long strip of road with people jogging in the distance.
A boyfriend and girlfriend enjoy a date of riding their bikes through the park.
A shirtless man in shorts is fishing while standing on some rocks.
A man is fishing for trout.
Two guys are examining the front brakes on a bike, while one guy with a wrench is working on them.
A tall person with a wrench
With the sun rising, a person is gliding with a huge parachute attached to them.
The person is skydiving with others
A baseball player is sliding into a base while the baseman is catching an incoming ball during a major league baseball game.
A baseball player slides into home.
A boy in a blue shirt is sitting on a couch with other people.
A boy hanging with his friends
A small group of people listen to a man in a blue shirt in front of a natural stone two-story structure with five steps leading to a white door on the lower level.
a man gives a lecture
Four cheerleaders performing a cheer on court at UCLA.
Cheerleaders cheering at a tournament.
A group of children sit on a blue mat while they eat out of bowls.
Kids eating icecream out of bowls.
Four men riding in a gray, fast moving boat appear to be wearing vests.
Four men are racing their boat for pink slips.
Four men riding in a gray, fast moving boat appear to be wearing vests.
A group of rich aristrocrats are yacthing and are annoyed by four men riding in a fast boat.
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans, wearing a black helmet, pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube.
The man is drinking water after riding a bicycle.
A man in a blue plaid shirt and blue jeans, wearing a black helmet, pauses to drink water next to a large blue steel corrugated tube.
The man is drinking water indoors.
Bald man in white and black shorts, punching man with black hair, and red, orange and blue shorts.
The men are fighting over a girl.
the shadow silhouette of a woman standing near the water looking at a large attraction on the other side.
She is eating a corn dog.
A race car sits in the pits.
The car is being repaired.
Grading and pricing fish in an open air fish market.
A fresh catch right off the boat has been delivered for sale to the market.
On stage, the innards of a piano are shown next to a man at a desk who is working on electronics, while a long-haired man is looking at a screen which shows "53:11".
Then men are performing a play.
Two brown and white dogs, one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass.
They are playing with each other.
From afar, a person walks down a path through a brown field.
A person is on a walk.
A child slides down a colorful slide while another child watches
A child watches a friend slide down the slide, excited to slide down herself.
little boy running in the street.
A boy is running to school in the street.
A man in a white shirt waves his hand under a white and blue umbrella.
A man sitting under an umbrella on the beach is waving at others.
A little asian girl in pigtails is building with wood and painting with colored markers.
a young girl is building and painting for her mother
A woman and three children.
A female with her triplets.
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
The boy loves chocolate.
Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day.
The elderly people are walking their poodles in the park.
Two elderly people are walking down the street on a sunny day.
The elderly people are a married couple holding hands.
A bundled up Asian girl wearing a Camelbak and walking shoes walking her dog in a snowy forest.
A girl is walking through the Canadian tundra.
Two young men splitting wood with a axe in the snow.
They are going to get blisters
A young woman with colorful clothes on.
She looks nice.
Performers sing together on stage
They are singing a capella.
Construction workers walking through a construction zone, it looks to be raining.
Someone in the photo is wearing a hard hat.
Two girls laying in the grass smile as their picture is taken.
The girls are sisters.
Three people are taking a photograph of a young woman sitting in the middle of the street.
Photographers trying to get the perfect photo before the daylight fades.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
The man is trying to see his phone in the sun.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
The man is sitting on the sidewalk as others walk by him.
A blond woman in a white cutoff shirt and jeans is walking.
A blond woman walks toward the gas station.
A blond singer wearing a black shirt is singing into the microphone.
The lead singer in a popular band is checking vocals for the upcoming show.
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage.
the dog is chasing after a rabbit
A swimmer is getting out of a pool where people are swimming laps and is having her picture taken as a crowd looks on from the edge of the pool.
A swimmer is drying off
A man swims in the pool with a child in a life jacket.
The man is wearing goggles.
A Asian man in a red and yellow uniform diving for the birdie in a game
a person in a uniform does something
The lady wearing a red coat is giving a speech.
Lady give a speech in the House of Representatives.
A nurse examines equipment in the operating room.
A nurse is in training.
An old man and lady in a white uniform is standing next to a man in black playing an instrument.
An old man and his nurse are listening to the musician play.
A young boy, wearing a helmet, in shorts and a t-shirt and a pair of binoculars around his neck is playing outside.
The boy is near his home.
A woman get some food from under a blue tent.
the lady is getting food for her husband
These two people in hats are standing on rocky terrain, with their arms around each other.
Two people are hugging.
Two black and white dogs looking at a black and white kitten who is sitting on top of a tank with hoses on it.
Some funny animals
Two guys dressed for hockey and are raising there arms in the air.
Men are cheering for their hockey team.
A crowd of people with a lady with a bright orange shirt and another lady in black have their backs to the camera.
People are turned away from the camera looking at a parade in the street.
A band that is performing on stage for a crowd.
The drummer is doing a solo.
A sunny street with a red building, parked cars, and a man walking down the road.
The sun is reflecting off the windows of the red building.
Golfer celebrates after a shot he has made.
A golfer is competing in an important tournament.
A dog gnawing on a bone.
A dog found a bone
A dog gnawing on a bone.
A dog is looking for a spot to hide his bone
A girl in sunglasses smiles.
Girl wearing sunglasses smiling at a friend.
A soccer player in a lime green shirt looks down at a yellow soccer ball.
The player is female
Two black dogs in the snow.
Black puppies are frolicking among the freshly fallen snow.
A lady with a purse on his shoulder reaching upward and putting a crown in a statue's hand.
There is a lady putting a crown on her statue.
A man carrying a bag from a stick is walking down the sidewalk.
A man is walking to the train station.
Young male in blue shirt and tan pants rollerblading.
The young man is at the skating rink.
A woman swinging a tennis racket on an outdoor court.
A woman is enjoying a game of tennis with her best friend.
A man spiking the ball at a volleyball game.
The volleyball game is being held on the beach.
Two men stand in an electric outdoor lift.
The two men are inspectors for the FDA, waiting to inspect the second level of the pharmaceutical plant.
A curly-haired man and a woman in a black tank top both play guitars and sing at a festival.
A brother and sister are playing in their band at a festival.
Leaving the amusement park with lots of prizes.
Leaving the amusment park with a giant teddy bear.
A young girl washes an automobile.
The girl has a red bucket of water.
A young girl washes an automobile.
The girl is outside.
A young girl washing a lime-green car.
A young girl raising money by washing a car.
A boy and dog are on the lawn outside of the house and in front of the flower bed.
A boy and his dog walk through the lawn looking for toys.
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him.
The crowd at the park cheer as the large dog catch the Frisbee in its mouth, which is quite impressive.
A large black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the park with a crowd of people behind him.
The people at the park are not impressed with the dog playing Frisbee, as misses the catch.
A man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him.
a man is holding a racing flag
A young man trying to buy a car from his dealer after his old car was towed away by police.
A man trying to buy a new car from someone.
A woman huge a fluffy white dog.
The dog is large
A female figure skater in costume is executing a routine.
A woman is competing soon.
An Asian woman mixing cucumbers.
A woman is making her husband a meal.
A crowd of people are surrounding a street performance, there are buildings in the background.
A crowd of people are watching a breakdancer pull over his signature moves
A child holds sparklers in the dark.
A child holds bright sparklers in the dark.
Five children are on a slide, all dressed in different colored clothes.
Children playing in a park.
A man in an orange vest and hat is shoveling rocks while another man in a yellow and blue jacket looks on.
A tall person in a vest
Football players playing in mud.
Football players are wrestling in mud.
A man in an orange kayak and a man in a blue kayak paddle around a beautiful lake.
Two men are racing around a lake
Skier wearing red walking up a snowy hillside.
Skier walking up hill towards the ski lift.
A man wearing an apron is smiling at a plate of food.
The food plate was the first meal the man will have today.
A man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store.
A lady waits on a man in the general store.
A man and woman sit on a dock looking out over the water on an overcast day.
The man and woman are a couple.
A bridesmaid gives a toast with a microphone while two other bridesmaids and a gentleman look on.
A bridesmaid is telling a story about the bride's childhood.
A lady in a red sweatshirt opening a present.
It is the lady's birthday.
Brown dog running through shallow water.
A basset hound is running.
A balding man is getting his shoes cleaned on a street corner.
An old man getting his shoes shined.
A group of people look over ledge.
The group of people are looking up.
A soldier is holding a gun and crouched down with is mouth covered by a cloth.
A soldier has his mouth covered by the American flag.
A group of young men in sports uniforms from two opposing teams are in vigorous play on a grassy field.
Men play soccer on the field
A man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign.
A sad man wearing lime green pants and shirt working on a sign.
A female swimmer getting out of the pool still dripping wet.
An Olympic swimmer exits the pool.
A woman wearing sunglasses is holding a pink cellphone to her ear.
A woman is talking on her phone with her boyfriend.
Two women are standing under an umbrella together, in front of a bandstand.
The women are holding a umbrella because it is raining on them.
Four people sit on a subway two read books, one looks at a cellphone and is wearing knee high boots.
Multple people are using the subway to get to work.
An elderly woman pushing a cart filled with boxes walks by theater sign for "South Pacific".
A tall person pushing a cart
Female sitting in a chair in front of a hazy field.
A woman is waiting for someone.
A woman sits on a bed and puts on her red socks.
A woman is sitting on her bed, getting dressed for work.
Two competitors in the last leg of a race, strong legs, long strides to the end.
The crowd is cheering them on.
Lonely woman eats alone again, chatting with her internet boyfriend at a diner.
An old woman is eating at a diner.
a young girl in red lifting a girl in blue to the top of a wall and lighting.
They are trying to reach something high up.
A gentleman in a striped shirt gesturing with a stick-like object in his hand while passersby stare at him.
A gentleman in a striped shirt joyously gesturing
Several firemen stand or sit on a gray roof while working.
Several fireman are putting out a fire on a gray roof.
A man and a woman are out walking their dogs.
A man and a woman are out walking their dogs while chatting.
City workers in bright yellow and green safety suits haul a stack of traffic cones through the snow and past the tree trunk.
There has been so much snow that the city had to buy more traffic cones.
A man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean's waves.
A man is surfing out on the ocean.
A snowboarder in a red jacket flies through the air, above a hill of snow, and next to a red and white sign.
The snowboarder is on a ski lift.
A snowboarder in a red jacket flies through the air, above a hill of snow, and next to a red and white sign.
The snowboarder is a professional.
A person playing a drum with only their lower torso, hands, drumsticks, and drum showing in the foreground.
A person is happily playing a drum.
A woman singer holding a microphone singing at a concert.
madonna is singing at a concert
A gentleman carrying the 2012 Olympic torch being follow by a car on a people lined street.
a man stole the 2012 olympic torch and runs from a police officer
A gentleman carrying the 2012 Olympic torch being follow by a car on a people lined street.
a man carries the 2012 olympic torch down a street while a person in a car tries to pass him
A boy is outside jumping over a flower bush on a skateboard.
a boy on his skateboard he got for Christmas
A curly-haired redhead is wearing a blue checkered hat, a black long-sleeve shirt, and blue jeans while holding a red jacket as she speaks to her friends standing behind her.
Her friends are telling her to hurry up and put her jacket on.
A small group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street outside of an Irish pub.
They prepare to go home after a delicious meal
A small group of adults and children stand on a cobblestone street outside of an Irish pub.
A small group of adults and children stand happily on a cobblestone street.
The people driving the tiny white car were nearly hit by the train, but it had fortunately stopped just in time.
The tiny white car with the Obama bumper sticker was almost hit by the train, however, the car managed to barely avoid the collision.
A woman looking through what appears to be a telescope.
An female astronamer looking toward the stars through her telescope.
A woman looking through what appears to be a telescope.
A woman looking through a telescope toward the sky.
Four girls look at objects under a microscope.
Four sad girls look at objects under a microscope.
Two ladies looking for bread to purchase.
The women are dating.
Two men boxing a ring while one boxer is hitting the other.
They are sports rivals.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cellphone with other people in the background.
A man talks on his iphone.
a man in pants dancing in a park.
A man is entertaining others with his dance knowledge.
A man wearing a light blue robe-style jacket is sitting on a street corner playing a musical instrument.
The man was playing the guitar on the street.
As a referee looks on, a Los Angeles baseball player is falling over the top of a rival player who is just sliding into base.
A man is getting his uniform dirty by sliding to base.
An old woman in a green and blue plaid shirt is standing on a crowded sidewalk smiling.
A woman watching a street performer play guitar.
An elderly woman wearing sunglasses stands and looks at something.
Elderly woman stops to look at a sales window.
A little girl in a red and white shirt stands next to some caricatures of celebrities at an art fair.
a kid stands near modern art
two women in lab coats looking on a image projected on the wall
Scientists are interpreting experimental findings.
Two boys, one wearing green, the other in yellow, are playing with sidewalk chalk, drawing pictures on the ground.
Two boys are drawing pictures with pink chalk.
Two boys, one wearing green, the other in yellow, are playing with sidewalk chalk, drawing pictures on the ground.
There are two boys drawing lewd pictures in chalk on the ground.
A firefighter, in full uniform, looks off into the distance.
The firefighter is going to put out a fire.
An entertainer in a black shirt with a red tie and red suspenders, in Toronto, is playing with fire.
A fire eater is performing in front of a crowd in Toronto.
A woman in a pink shirt is painting the last two stars on a painting of the American flag.
The woman is using different colors
A man in an orange construction vest walks in a parade with a child atop his shoulders, carry balloons.
The child has no legs.
A group of people are running in the cold.
People caught in a snow storm
Two guys sitting in a room with green and white curtain.
Two men are sitting and smoking.
A woman in a tan top and jeans is sitting on a bench wearing headphones.
A woman is on vacation.
A musician with short blond-hair and wearing a blue scarf and vest plays a string instrument while singing.
A tall person with a scarf
During this vacation children enjoying their games at the park.
The park is crowded
One little toddler wearing blue pajamas and a little girl wearing red pajamas opening presents on christmas day.
Two small children are unhappy with the opening of their presents.
A gray dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something.
A gray dog is relaxing in his home.
A gray dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something.
A gray dog is chewing a toy.
A West Virginia university women's basketball team, officials, and a small gathering of fans are in a West Virginia arena.
women are playing basketball
A West Virginia university women's basketball team, officials, and a small gathering of fans are in a West Virginia arena.
women are playing a big 12 conference game
Two men, one wearing a white hockey jersey and the other a red hockey jersey, playing hockey on an ice rink.
A rival hockey game is happening.
A snow activity enthusiast flips around on a snowy mountain.
A man tries out his new tricks on a ski slope
Two children in a bag race competing against each other while another boy watches on.
The boy watching has a broken leg.
A man is herding horned cows on a horse.
A person is herding his cattle on his ranch.
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers.
A woman wearing sunglasses holds two newspapers as she leaves the minimart and heads home.
A view from a hidden camera at a low height shows a man and a woman standing under an umbrella mounted on the back of a three wheeled bicycle with a cart on the back.
A husband and wife stand under an umbrella.
A man in a black shirt painting a duplicate copy of another painting hanging in an art gallery.
The man is painting a copy of the Mona Lisa.
A policeman is directing a crowd of people walking.
A policeman is keeping people away from a crime scene.
A group of people is gathered around a table of food with their arms around each other.
These peopel are all family members.
A group of people is gathered around a table of food with their arms around each other.
A group of people are gather around a meeting room table.
People are waiting in line by a food vendor.
People stand in line for food at a festival.
A man and a woman are sitting at a table outside, next to a small flower garden.
The man and woman are on a date.
Black dog with tan markings wearing a blue collar standing on green grass.
There is a dog standing in the park.
Child squirting paint onto a piece of spin-art.
The child has paint all over their hands.
Two police officers are sitting on motorcycles in the road.
the police are waiting
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him.
A man with a blue cap on is performing a skateboard trick in front of a crowd of people.
A man is performing an aerial skateboard trick on a ramp with several other people behind him.
The pro skater works his moves while his fans watch
A young girl with blue and pink ribbons in her braids, without a top and a woman with a white t-shirt and a zebra skirt wading in a public water fountain.
A young mother tries to grab her topless child from a water foutain before she attracts attention
